She leans significantly into his left. Simultaneously, the knees are slightly bent. From this position, the right knee bends, and right after, extends. Just before, her left hand moves nearer to her right knee very slowly, and right after, moves farther from her left ankle rapidly. Right before, she shifts noticeably to the right. At the same time, she moves far to the front very rapidly. Right after, her left knee is bent slightly and from this position, her left knee extends significantly, and simultaneously, bends significantly and very fast. Simultaneously, her hands move nearer to her left ankle very quickly. At the same time, the right hand moves nearer to the left foot briskly, and in the meantime, moves farther from the left foot speedily. Right after, her right hand spreads away from the left ankle very rapidly. A moment later, her left foot gets closer to the right one and eventually, it gets closer to the right one speedily. Shortly beforehand, she shifts far over to the left quickly. Right after, she shifts a great distance towards the back rapidly. At the same time, her feet spread apart significantly slowly. Shortly after, the human is stretched out to the left and is fully rotated counterclockwise. Then, she leans greatly into his right, and shortly after, she leans significantly into his left and eventually, she leans greatly into his right. Just before, the right knee is bent. With that pose, the right knee bends. Not long after, it extends and speedily. Right after, her right knee is unbent. From this stance, the right knee bends completely. A moment later, the left hand moves farther from the right knee. Right after, her left hand moves nearer to the right knee and right after, it spreads away from her right knee slowly, and soon after, it gets closer to her right knee. After some time, her left hand spreads away from the right knee. Just before, she shifts a great distance towards the front rapidly. In the meantime, the left knee is straight. Then, the left knee bends and soon after, bends and extremely fast. Moments prior, she leans into his left just a little. Immediately after, she shifts to the right. Right after, her left foot comes significantly closer to the right one very fast. At the same time, the left knee is slightly bent. From this stance, the left knee extends significantly and very fast. Simultaneously, the left foot spreads away from the right one very rapidly and a few seconds later, it spreads significantly apart from the right one very fast. A moment later, it gets closer to the right one extremely fast. Moments prior, the left hand gets closer to her left ankle rapidly. Meanwhile, it moves farther from the left ankle briskly. At the same time, the right hand gets closer to her left ankle rapidly, and meanwhile, gets closer to her left foot speedily, and immediately after, it moves farther from the left ankle very quickly. Not long after, the right hand gets closer to the right ankle. Not too long before, the right hand spreads away from her left foot rapidly. Not long after, the right hand moves farther from the right foot and meanwhile, gets closer to her right foot rapidly.