He moves upwards very rapidly. In the meantime, the right hand moves farther from his right knee briskly. Right after, it gets closer to his right knee. Meanwhile, the left knee is slightly bent and then, the left knee bends and very quickly. A few seconds later, it extends and rapidly. Not too long before, the left hand gets closer to the right ankle very fast. At the same time, his right knee is partially bent and his left knee is bent a bit. With that pose, both knees extend significantly and very rapidly and a moment later, bend and extremely fast. Soon after, both knees bend and very fast. Eventually, they bend and very quickly. Shortly beforehand, his right knee is partly bent and from this position, his right knee bends completely and extremely fast. Meanwhile, he moves to the left. Immediately after, he moves upwards very rapidly. Just before, he moves downwards rapidly. At the same time, the left hand spreads away from the right ankle speedily. Immediately after, both hands spread away from the knees very fast, and immediately after, they get closer to both knees speedily and not long after, they spread away from his knees very fast. In the second right before, both knees are rather bent and from this position, the right knee extends significantly and extremely fast, and shortly after, it extends. A few seconds earlier, he shifts downwards very quickly. Right after, the hands move nearer to both knees very quickly. A second later, he moves upwards very fast. Meanwhile, he moves downwards very rapidly, and not long after, he shifts downwards very fast. Moments prior, his knees are bent, and with that pose, the left knee extends significantly and a moment later, bends and very fast. Moments prior, the hands spread away from both knees very fast. A second later, they get closer to the knees very rapidly. Meanwhile, the left hand moves farther from his right ankle briskly. At the same time, his left hand moves nearer to the right ankle very fast. Right after, he shifts upwards very fast. Meanwhile, both hands spread away from both knees, and not long after, they move nearer to both knees quickly. Shortly after, they get closer to his right ankle very quickly. A few seconds later, both hands spread away from the right ankle very quickly. Not too long before, both knees are rather bent, and with that pose, both knees extend completely and very rapidly and immediately after, extend completely and very rapidly. Simultaneously, the right hand moves farther from the right ankle briskly. Meanwhile, the left hand moves farther from his left knee. At the same time, he shifts downwards very fast. A few seconds later, he moves upwards very fast. Soon after, he shifts downwards very fast, and shortly after, he moves towards the front. A moment earlier, both knees are bent slightly. From that pose, his right knee bends significantly and very fast and a few seconds later, it bends and very fast. Moments prior, his left hand gets closer to his left knee very fast and shortly after, it gets closer to the left knee very quickly. A moment earlier, his right hand gets closer to the right leg very rapidly, and immediately after, spreads away from his right knee. At the same time, both knees are partially bent and with that pose, the left knee bends significantly and very rapidly. A second later, both knees are in l-shape, and from that pose, his left knee extends, and right after, bends significantly and very quickly, and after a while, extends completely. Shortly beforehand, the knees are bent at 90 degrees, and from this position, his right knee extends completely. A second later, it bends and very rapidly. Eventually, it extends completely and after a while, the right knee extends and briskly. Much earlier, the right hand moves farther from his left ankle quickly and simultaneously, it moves nearer to the left ankle very rapidly, and not long after, it gets closer to the right leg speedily. Shortly after, the right hand spreads away from his right leg. Soon after, it gets closer to the right leg, and after a while, spreads away from the right leg very fast. Shortly beforehand, both hands spread away from his knees very quickly. Simultaneously, his hands move nearer to his knees rapidly. Shortly after, they spread away from his knees very quickly. A few seconds later, they get closer to both ankles very quickly. Right before, the left knee is bent. His right knee is completely bent, and from this position, his knees extend significantly and very quickly. A second later, the knees are rather bent and from that pose, his knees bend and very fast. Right after, they extend significantly and very quickly and shortly after, his knees bend and very quickly. Just before, he shifts downwards very fast. Meanwhile, the hands spread away from his ankles briskly and immediately after, move nearer to the ankles very quickly. Not long after, they spread away from both ankles rapidly. Shortly after, the hands move nearer to his ankles very rapidly. Moments prior, his left hand spreads away from his left knee and a second later, moves nearer to the left knee very rapidly. Immediately after, he shifts upwards very rapidly and at the same time, shifts downwards very fast. In the meantime, his left hand spreads away from his left knee, and immediately after, moves nearer to the left knee speedily, and a few seconds later, spreads away from the right ankle very quickly. In the second right before, both knees are nearly bent. From this position, his knees bend completely and very quickly. Meanwhile, the right hand moves farther from the left ankle. Meanwhile, it moves nearer to the right leg. Right after, the knees are rather bent. From this stance, his left knee extends and very quickly.