The right hand gets closer to the right leg. Simultaneously, she shifts downwards rapidly, and meanwhile, moves far over to the left very quickly, and meanwhile, moves far towards the front briskly. At the same time, the right hand moves nearer to her right foot. Not long after, it moves farther from the right ankle and shortly after, moves farther from the right foot. In the second right before, the left hand gets closer to her left knee. At the same time, the left knee is in l-shape and from this stance, the left knee extends. At the same time, the right knee is nearly bent, and with that pose, her right knee bends completely. A second later, it extends completely. Just before, her right foot is spread far apart from her left foot and is behind her left foot, and with that pose, her left foot moves nearer to the right one. Immediately after, it spreads away from the right one briskly. Immediately after, her left foot moves nearer to the right one. Just before, she moves a great distance to the right speedily, and in the meantime, leans into his right very fast. A second later, she shifts upwards. Shortly after, she moves far over to the left rapidly. Just before, the right hand moves farther from her right knee, and shortly after, it moves nearer to the right leg quickly. Just before, her left hand spreads away from the left knee briskly, and after some time, moves nearer to her right knee briskly. A moment earlier, and is stretched out to the right. It is about-face turned clockwise. Then, she shifts a great distance towards the back speedily. Shortly after, she leans into his left. Moments prior, the left foot spreads away from the right one, and shortly after, moves nearer to the right one briskly. Simultaneously, she leans into his right. Immediately after, she shifts a great distance to the right rapidly and a second later, moves towards the front quickly, and shortly after, she moves a great distance towards the back very rapidly. After some time, she moves downwards briskly. Just before, the right hand spreads away from the right foot. Eventually, it spreads away from the right foot. Significantly earlier, her right hand moves nearer to the left knee. Immediately after, the right hand moves farther from the left knee. Immediately after, both hands move farther from the right knee leisurely. A moment later, they get closer to the left knee. Just before, her left hand gets closer to her left knee, and a moment later, spreads away from her left knee. At the same time, her left foot spreads away from the right one quickly. A moment later, it gets closer to the right one extremely fast. A few seconds earlier, the left knee is unbent, and with that pose, her left knee bends and shortly after, it extends. After some time, it bends. Just before, her knees are bent a bit, and from this stance, the right knee bends and a few seconds later, extends. Eventually, it bends. Just before, her right hand moves nearer to her right leg briskly. Immediately after, her right hand moves farther from the left knee. A few seconds later, it spreads away from the right knee and after a while, it moves nearer to her right leg speedily. After some time, her right hand spreads away from her right foot. Just before, she shifts a great distance to the left extremely fast and right after, she moves far over to the front, and a moment later, shifts far to the right very fast. In the second right before, both feet move apart. Right after, the left hand moves farther from the left knee. Soon after, it moves nearer to the left knee. A moment earlier, she leans into his left very rapidly. A moment later, she shifts downwards briskly. Not long after, she shifts noticeably to the back rapidly. At the same time, her feet are spread apart, and from this stance, her left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily. A second later, her right foot spreads away from the left one. Meanwhile, she moves significantly to the left. Right after, the right hand spreads away from her right knee speedily. Simultaneously, she leans slightly into his right very fast.