His right knee is unbent, and from that pose, the right knee bends. A moment later, it extends. Just moments before, his right hand moves nearer to his right knee. Right after, the right hand moves farther from the right knee rapidly. Immediately after, his left hand gets closer to the left knee extremely fast, and a second later, it spreads away from the left knee rapidly. Simultaneously, his right hand moves nearer to the right knee quickly. A second later, it moves farther from the right knee speedily, and a few seconds later, it moves nearer to the right knee rapidly. Soon after, the right hand spreads away from the right knee. Just before, he moves to the front. Right after, the right knee is in the back of the left knee and straight and with that pose, the right knee bends and quickly. Right after, it extends and a moment later, his right knee bends, and eventually, extends. Just before, his left hand moves nearer to the left knee speedily. At the same time, he leans significantly into his left, and a moment later, moves to the right. Soon after, he moves far over to the back. After some time, he leans significantly into his right. Shortly beforehand, the left hand moves farther from the left knee and a few seconds later, moves nearer to his left knee rapidly. Shortly after, the right hand moves nearer to the right knee briskly. Right after, it spreads away from the right knee briskly. Not long after, it gets closer to his right knee briskly. A few seconds earlier, his left hand moves farther from his left knee. Not long after, his left hand moves nearer to the left knee rapidly, and a second later, it spreads away from his left knee speedily. Not long after, it moves nearer to his left knee briskly, and eventually, his left hand moves farther from the left knee. Shortly beforehand, his right hand moves farther from the right knee. A moment later, his right hand gets closer to the right knee, and right after, moves farther from his right knee and a few seconds later, moves nearer to the right knee. In the second right before, the person is stretched out to the right. From that pose, he leans into his left. A moment later, his right hand moves farther from his right knee. In the meantime, his right knee is slightly bent and from this stance, the right knee bends and quickly and a second later, extends. In the meantime, his left hand gets closer to the left knee quickly, and a second later, spreads away from the left knee. A moment later, it moves nearer to his left knee speedily. Just moments before, the right hand moves nearer to his right knee quickly, and immediately after, moves farther from the right knee.