Her right hand moves nearer to her right foot and at the same time, gets closer to the left ankle, and immediately after, it gets closer to the left foot. In the second right before, the knees are barely bent. From that pose, the right knee bends and a moment later, extends. Not too long before, her knees are a bit bent and with that pose, her left knee bends completely. Simultaneously, she shifts far downwards briskly and at the same time, shifts to the left briskly and meanwhile, leans significantly into his left. Simultaneously, her right foot is wide apart from her left foot. From this position, the left foot comes significantly closer to the right one rapidly. A moment later, she shifts noticeably to the right. Right after, the left knee is lower than her right knee, bent sharply and with that pose, her left knee extends completely. Shortly after, it bends completely. A moment earlier, her right hand moves farther from her right foot. Simultaneously, it spreads away from the left ankle. In the meantime, her right hand moves farther from the left foot. A moment later, this person is lying flat facing left and from that pose, she moves far to the left, and at the same time, she leans significantly into his right. Immediately after, she shifts a great distance upwards quickly, and not long after, moves far to the front briskly. Soon after, she shifts far to the right. After a while, she moves far over to the back speedily. A moment earlier, both knees are bent. From that pose, the right knee bends significantly and soon after, it bends and speedily, and soon after, extends. Just before, her hands move nearer to both feet and a few seconds later, they spread away from the feet. Moments prior, both hands get closer to the ankles at a slow pace. Right after, her left foot is joined with her right foot. It is pointing right and is in the front. With that pose, the right foot moves significantly away from the left one. Shortly after, it gets closer to the left one. A moment earlier, her left hand spreads away from the left knee. Immediately after, it gets closer to the left knee. Meanwhile, her knees are bent sharply. Then, both knees extend significantly. Simultaneously, her right hand moves farther from the left ankle. A second later, her left hand spreads away from her right ankle, and simultaneously, it moves farther from her left knee rapidly. Immediately after, her left hand gets closer to the left knee.