He shifts to the left quickly. Meanwhile, he leans a bit into his right. Meanwhile, he moves a great distance towards the front briskly. Not long after, he moves far over to the right very quickly. A second later, the right knee is barely bent and from this position, the right knee bends. In the meantime, he moves far to the back extremely fast. Shortly after, his left foot moves nearer to the right one very rapidly. Simultaneously, the left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast. A second later, it spreads away from the right one very quickly. Meanwhile, both feet draw significantly together and right after, move significantly away from each other extremely slowly. Shortly after, the body is face to the right on the ground. From this stance, he leans into his left speedily and a few seconds later, he moves a great distance to the front quickly and a moment later, he leans into his right. Just moments before, his knees are barely bent. From this stance, the left knee extends and speedily. After a while, his left knee is straight, and with that pose, the left knee bends and very fast, and a few seconds later, extends. A few seconds later, the left knee bends and rapidly. Not too long before, both feet are spread far apart and from this stance, the left foot moves nearer to the right one quickly. Immediately after, he moves a great distance to the left very quickly. A second later, he moves to the back. Meanwhile, his left foot moves farther from the right one briskly. At the same time, his left foot gets closer to the right one very quickly. Right after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily, and simultaneously, it spreads away from the right one speedily. At the same time, the left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle, and then, his left knee bends. Meanwhile, it extends and very rapidly, and not long after, the left knee extends. Right before, his right knee is bent at 90 degrees, and then, his right knee extends. Immediately after,, lying flat facing right and with that pose, he shifts significantly to the front rapidly, and immediately after, he leans into his right. Just before, and is face to the right on the ground and from this position, he leans into his left.