Eventually, his right knee is straight, and then, the right knee bends completely and a second later, it extends and quickly. Right before, he moves towards the back. In the meantime, he moves noticeably to the left speedily. Not long after, he leans into his left. At the same time, he shifts far over to the front rapidly. Immediately after, the left knee is bent at right angle and from this stance, his left knee bends. At the same time, it extends and extremely fast, and a few seconds later, the left knee extends and very quickly. Simultaneously, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee. At the same time, it comes significantly closer to the left ankle. Simultaneously, it draws significantly near to his left foot and not long after, the left hand gets closer to his right ankle very rapidly. Right before, his left knee is slightly bent while the right knee is partially bent and then, his knees bend. A second later, his left hand moves nearer to the right foot extremely fast, and immediately after, spreads away from the right foot speedily. Simultaneously, the left hand spreads away from his right ankle. In the meantime, the left hand is beside his left ankle and is further down than his right hand. It is beside his left foot. Then, the left hand spreads significantly apart from the left foot, and simultaneously, it spreads significantly apart from the left leg, and not long after, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee. A moment later, it spreads away from the left knee. Just before, he shifts far towards the back rapidly. In the meantime, he moves to the left and a moment later, he moves to the front. Just moments before, the knees are bent at near a 90 degree angle. From this position, the right knee extends significantly and very rapidly, and right after, bends completely, and a moment later, the right knee extends significantly and rapidly. Eventually, it bends. Just before, his knees are partially bent and then, his left knee bends and quickly. Immediately after, his left knee is bent. It is located in front of his right knee. With that pose, his left knee extends completely and briskly. A second later, it bends significantly and briskly and a few seconds later, the left knee extends completely and rapidly. Just before,, angling to the left. It is inclined to the right and from that pose, he leans into his right. A few seconds later, his right foot spreads away from the left one. At the same time, his left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Right after, he moves downwards and simultaneously, leans into his left. Immediately after, the right hand draws significantly near to his right foot quickly. In the meantime, his right hand gets closer to his left ankle. At the same time, the right hand comes significantly closer to the right ankle speedily. In the meantime, his left hand draws significantly near to his left knee. In the meantime, his left knee is unbent and with that pose, the left knee bends and speedily. At the same time, his hands move nearer to his left foot and meanwhile, get closer to both ankles. A second later, his right hand is next to his right foot, and from that pose, his right hand moves significantly away from his right ankle rapidly. Meanwhile, it spreads significantly apart from the right foot. Meanwhile, the hands spread away from both ankles quickly. Simultaneously, his right hand moves farther from the left foot speedily.