She leans into his right. A moment later, she moves downwards. In the second right before, both hands move nearer to the left ankle. At the same time, her knees are straight. From this position, her left knee bends significantly. In the meantime, her right foot moves nearer to the left one gently. Immediately after, both hands come significantly closer to her left foot extremely slowly. A few seconds later, they move nearer to her ankles. Just moments before, her right knee is straight and from this position, the right knee bends completely. A second later, her right hand spreads away from the left ankle steadily, and not long after, it gets closer to her left ankle steadily. Moments prior, the left hand moves farther from the left ankle. Right after, it moves nearer to the right foot slowly. Right before, a person is leaning on the left side and face to the right on the ground, and from that pose, she shifts a great distance to the right. Shortly after, she leans into his left and after a while, she leans into his right, and eventually, shifts far to the left. Shortly beforehand, both feet are close. From this stance, the left foot spreads away from the right one. A few seconds later, both feet come to each other very slowly. A moment later, her right hand moves significantly away from her left foot. Meanwhile, the right hand spreads away from her left ankle, and not long after, moves nearer to her left foot, and a few seconds later, it moves farther from the left foot. Shortly after, the right hand gets closer to the left ankle. Soon after, it gets closer to the left foot. Just before, her left hand spreads away from the left ankle. Right after, her left hand moves farther from the right ankle, and at the same time, spreads away from the right foot and right after, it gets closer to her left ankle. Right after, the left hand gets closer to her right foot. In the meantime, both knees are bent at right angle. With that pose, the right knee extends completely. Immediately after, she shifts significantly to the back, and right after, she moves upwards. At the same time, both knees are bent at right angle, and with that pose, the left knee extends completely. Right after, the person is face to the right on the ground and is inclined to the right. Then, she leans into his left. At the same time, her left hand is next to the left foot. From this position, her left hand spreads significantly apart from the left foot, and a second later, moves farther from her left ankle. Right before, both hands spread away from her feet. Meanwhile, her right hand moves farther from her left ankle.