Her left hand spreads away from the left knee steadily. Simultaneously, she shifts a great distance towards the front very quickly, and in the meantime, leans significantly into his left. In the meantime, her right knee is nearly bent. With that pose, her right knee bends and speedily. Meanwhile, it extends completely. A second later, she shifts far to the left very rapidly. Right after, her left knee is bent. From this stance, her left knee extends completely. Immediately after, a person is leaning to the left and from this position, she moves a great distance towards the back very rapidly and meanwhile, she leans into his right. Right after, she moves a great distance to the right rapidly. A second later, she leans slightly into his left speedily. Just before, her right knee is straight and from this stance, her right knee bends completely and briskly, and a second later, it extends significantly. Not long after, it bends completely and briskly. A moment later, the right knee extends significantly. A few seconds earlier, the left knee is nearly bent and from that pose, the left knee bends completely and speedily and a second later, it extends and briskly. Right after, this person is leaning to the left. Then, she shifts a great distance to the front rapidly. Simultaneously, she leans into his right. A second later, she shifts far to the left very rapidly. Right after, the left hand moves nearer to her left knee briskly, and right after, spreads away from her left knee. Right before, her knees are nearly bent and with that pose, her left knee bends and very quickly. Immediately after, her left knee is rather bent, and from this position, her left knee extends completely. In the meantime, she shifts a great distance to the right very rapidly. In the meantime, the right knee is bent slightly, and from that pose, her right knee bends completely, and a second later, extends completely. At the same time, she leans significantly into his left rapidly, and simultaneously, moves a great distance to the back very rapidly. A second later, she shifts a great distance to the left very rapidly. Meanwhile, the left knee is straight, and with that pose, the left knee bends completely and rapidly. Simultaneously, she moves downwards extremely fast. Meanwhile, her left hand moves nearer to the left knee. Right after, her left knee is almost completely bent and from that pose, her left knee extends.