The left foot moves farther from the right one rapidly, and immediately after, it gets closer to the right one rapidly. In the second right before, he shifts significantly to the left. Simultaneously, he shifts far to the front extremely fast. Meanwhile, he leans significantly into his left, and after some time, he leans significantly into his right. Not long after, he leans significantly into his left and a second later, shifts downwards and a few seconds later, he moves considerably to the right. Soon after, he moves far over towards the back very quickly. Shortly beforehand, the right knee is unbent, and from that pose, his right knee bends significantly. Immediately after, his left hand moves farther from the left knee. Not long after, it moves nearer to the left knee. A few seconds later, it spreads away from his left knee. Not too long before, the left knee is straight and from this stance, his left knee bends and rapidly. Right after, the right hand spreads away from the right knee. In the meantime, his left foot moves farther from the right one and soon after, moves nearer to the right one very rapidly and eventually, moves farther from the right one briskly. A few seconds earlier, both knees are partly bent, and then, his left knee bends significantly, and shortly after, bends significantly and quickly. A few seconds earlier, his right hand gets closer to the right foot. Meanwhile, he shifts considerably downwards very rapidly. A second later, his right hand spreads away from the right foot very fast and a few seconds later, it gets closer to the left ankle quickly. A few seconds earlier, he shifts significantly to the left. At the same time, he shifts considerably upwards very rapidly. Meanwhile, both knees are rather bent. From this stance, both knees extend completely and rapidly. At the same time, the hands move nearer to the knees very fast. Immediately after, the left hand moves farther from his left knee quickly, and meanwhile, moves nearer to his left knee. Immediately after, his feet draw significantly together steadily. Meanwhile, his right hand moves farther from the left ankle quickly. Simultaneously, both knees are bent a bit and from that pose, his left knee extends completely. Not long after, he moves far towards the front speedily.