She moves a great distance towards the front, and a few seconds later, moves a great distance to the left quickly. Moments prior, both hands get closer to both knees. At the same time, the left knee is unbent. From this stance, the left knee bends and a moment later, extends. A few seconds earlier, her left hand moves farther from her left knee slowly. At the same time, the right foot spreads away from the left one gradually. A few seconds later, she moves downwards very rapidly, and in the meantime, she moves upwards very fast. Right after, she leans into his left just a little. A moment later, she moves far over to the right quickly and a moment later, she shifts downwards extremely fast, and shortly after, moves a great distance to the back. Shortly beforehand, the right knee is bent and from this position, the right knee extends. Simultaneously, the right hand moves farther from her right knee rapidly, and meanwhile, it moves nearer to the right knee, and eventually, spreads away from the right knee. Just before, the left foot is higher than her right foot. It is wide apart from her right foot, located behind the right foot and behind their back and then, her left foot gets closer to the right one quickly. Eventually, it gets closer to the right one. After a while, her left foot moves farther from the right one quickly. Just before, the feet spread apart. Shortly after, she shifts far over to the left very fast, and a second later, she shifts downwards very quickly. Meanwhile, her left knee is straight and from that pose, her left knee bends, and right after, extends. At the same time, both hands get closer to both knees. Meanwhile, the left foot is wide apart from the right foot and from this stance, her left foot gets closer to the right one rapidly. A second later, she moves to the front and immediately after, leans slightly into his right. Right before, she moves far to the right rapidly. Immediately after, her left hand spreads away from her left knee quickly, and a moment later, it moves nearer to the left knee gently. Just before, she moves downwards extremely fast. Immediately after, she shifts considerably to the back, and shortly after, she moves far to the left briskly. A moment later, she shifts a great distance towards the front. A second later, the left hand moves farther from her left knee at a slow pace.