She moves a great distance to the front, and a few seconds later, she shifts to the left quickly. A moment later, she moves considerably to the right rapidly. Shortly beforehand, the right hand spreads away from the right knee. In the meantime, her right knee and her left knee are unbent, and from this position, her right knee bends completely and briskly. Right after, her left hand moves farther from the right ankle quickly. Meanwhile, it gets closer to her right ankle. At the same time, her left hand spreads away from her left knee quickly. Simultaneously, the right knee is partly bent, and from that pose, her right knee extends significantly. A moment later, the knees are slightly bent. From that pose, her left knee bends significantly and briskly. A second later, the left knee is completely bent, and with that pose, her left knee extends significantly, and not long after, bends significantly. Right before, her right knee is further down than the left knee, straight and from this stance, the right knee bends significantly and quickly. In the meantime, she leans slightly into his left, and not long after, moves a great distance to the left and shortly after, leans slightly into his right. After a while, she leans into his left and eventually, shifts to the right. A moment earlier, the right knee is in front of her left knee and is bent at right angle and from this stance, the right knee extends completely. Shortly after, the left knee is bent sharply. With that pose, her left knee extends significantly and shortly after, bends completely and briskly. Not too long before, the right knee is straight and then, her right knee bends completely and a second later, it extends completely. Shortly after, the left knee is partially bent. From this position, her left knee extends completely. Meanwhile, the subject is angling to the left. Then, she shifts a great distance to the back rapidly and a moment later, leans into his right just a little bit. Not too long before, both hands get closer to her knees.