Her right hand moves farther from her left knee. Right after, she shifts a great distance towards the front quickly, and immediately after, leans significantly into his left. In the meantime, her left hand spreads away from the left knee leisurely and soon after, it gets closer to the left knee. Just moments before, she shifts a great distance to the back extremely fast. Right after, this person is leaning to the left and from this position, she moves a great distance to the left. Meanwhile, she leans into his right. At the same time, the right hand moves nearer to her left knee slowly and not long after, it spreads away from her left knee. Not too long before, the left knee extends. Soon after, she moves to the right and meanwhile, moves a great distance towards the front briskly. Immediately after, she leans slightly into his left, and not long after, shifts a great distance towards the back. Eventually, she shifts noticeably to the front and after some time, she moves noticeably to the right. Just before, the right foot moves nearer to the left one and immediately after, it moves significantly away from the left one gradually and after a while, it draws significantly near to the left one. A moment earlier, the right hand moves nearer to her left knee gently. A moment later, both hands move nearer to the right ankle and a second later, spread away from the right ankle very quickly. Just before, both knees are bent a bit, and then, her right knee bends completely and quickly, and immediately after, it extends completely and extremely fast. Right before, the right hand gets closer to the right foot, and immediately after, it spreads away from her right foot very rapidly, and a moment later, it gets closer to her right ankle. A moment later, her right hand moves farther from her right ankle. Not too long before, the right knee is bent to maximum, and with that pose, her right knee bends completely and quickly, and a second later, it extends significantly and speedily.