He leans significantly into his left and after some time, he moves a great distance to the right rapidly. Meanwhile, the person is hunched over, inclined to the left side, stretched out to the left and then, he shifts far over towards the back quickly. Shortly after, he leans markedly into his right. A few seconds later, he shifts far to the left briskly. A moment later, he moves a great distance towards the front speedily and not long after, he leans into his left and shortly after, he leans into his right. Shortly beforehand, the left knee is bent, and with that pose, the left knee extends, and not long after, it extends and rapidly. Right before, his left knee is bent. The right knee is at right angle, and with that pose, both knees bend significantly and rapidly. Meanwhile, the right hand gets closer to his left ankle, and right after, it spreads away from his left ankle. Right before, the right knee is forming an l shape, and with that pose, the right knee extends and rapidly. In the meantime, his feet are close. From this stance, the right foot moves farther from the left one and shortly after, comes significantly closer to the left one quickly. In the second right before, both feet are spread far apart and from that pose, the left foot draws significantly near to the right one rapidly, and in the meantime, spreads significantly apart from the right one. Shortly after, the left foot draws significantly near to the right one rapidly and not long after, it moves farther from the right one quickly. Shortly after, it moves nearer to the right one rapidly, and a moment later, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily. A moment earlier, his left hand moves nearer to the right ankle. Meanwhile, it spreads away from the right ankle. Right after, the right foot spreads significantly apart from the left one speedily and a few seconds later, moves significantly away from the left one rapidly. A few seconds earlier, his left knee is rather bent and from that pose, the left knee bends and quickly, and a second later, extends. Right before, his right knee is almost completely bent. From that pose, his right knee bends completely. Simultaneously, it extends significantly and briskly. Immediately after, he shifts a great distance to the right very fast. A second later, both knees are barely bent and from this position, the right knee extends significantly and quickly. Right after, the left knee is bent, and from this stance, the left knee bends and rapidly. Immediately after, it extends and quickly. In the meantime, his left foot moves farther from the right one very rapidly.