She moves a great distance to the back, and simultaneously, she moves downwards. At the same time, the right knee is rather bent, and from this stance, her right knee bends and quickly. Meanwhile, her right hand gets closer to the right ankle. A second later, the right hand moves nearer to her right foot, and meanwhile, it spreads away from the right ankle. At the same time, the left foot gets closer to the right one leisurely. Simultaneously, the right hand moves farther from the right foot, and after a while, moves nearer to the right ankle. Just before, the left hand moves nearer to the left ankle. A second later, it moves farther from the left ankle. Right before, the left hand moves nearer to the left foot and a second later, it moves farther from the left foot. Shortly after, both feet spread apart from each other extremely slowly. At the same time, the left hand gets closer to her left foot. Meanwhile, it gets closer to the left ankle, and soon after, it moves farther from her left ankle. A moment later, the left hand moves farther from the left knee steadily. A few seconds earlier, she shifts far over to the front and in the meantime, moves a great distance to the right, and right after, shifts a great distance upwards. After a while, she moves far downwards. Just before, the right hand gets closer to the right foot. Right after, her hands get closer to the knees and immediately after, move farther from her feet. At the same time, the right hand gets closer to the left knee very slowly and meanwhile, it spreads away from her right ankle. Shortly after, it spreads away from the right knee, and eventually, the right hand moves nearer to the right knee, and after a while, spreads away from the left knee. Just before, both knees are bent to the max and then, her left knee extends significantly. At the same time, both knees are fully bent, and from this stance, her right knee extends. Shortly after, it bends. Meanwhile, she leans into his right, and a moment later, she shifts upwards. Soon after, she leans into his left. After some time, she leans into his right. Shortly beforehand, her right hand spreads away from her right knee and at the same time, moves nearer to the right knee. Right after, both feet are wide apart and from this position, the left foot moves nearer to the right one. A few seconds later, the left knee is a bit bent. It is behind her right knee, and from that pose, the left knee bends. Simultaneously, both hands get closer to her feet extremely fast, and simultaneously, get closer to both legs. Right after, the left hand spreads away from the right foot, and in the meantime, it moves farther from her right ankle.