The feet are wide apart. With that pose, his left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Simultaneously, it moves farther from the right one very rapidly. Simultaneously, the left knee is straight. Then, the left knee bends completely and speedily, and a second later, extends and very rapidly. In the second right before, both hands get closer to the left knee extremely fast and not long after, spread away from the left knee. Right before, his left knee is rather bent, and from that pose, his left knee bends and speedily. Simultaneously, his left hand gets closer to his left ankle, and meanwhile, it spreads away from the left ankle. Immediately after, the left leg moves nearer to the right one. Simultaneously, his left foot moves farther from the right one, and a few seconds later, it moves nearer to the right one. Not too long before, his left knee spreads significantly apart from the right one extremely slowly. Meanwhile, the left knee is bent. Then, the left knee extends significantly and rapidly, and shortly after, bends completely and speedily, and shortly after, extends and extremely fast. Shortly beforehand, he moves towards the back, and a moment later, shifts towards the front speedily. Immediately after, the left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast. Right after, both feet are stretched forwards, spread apart, and from this stance, the left foot gets closer to the right one briskly. Simultaneously, he shifts towards the back and soon after, he moves towards the front speedily and eventually, he moves to the back. Shortly beforehand, the left knee is straight, and then, the left knee bends completely and very rapidly. Immediately after, it extends completely and rapidly. At the same time, his left foot moves farther from the right one. A moment later, his feet are spread apart. From this stance, his left foot gets closer to the right one. At the same time, his left knee is straight and with that pose, the left knee bends completely and rapidly. Right after, it extends and extremely fast. A second later, his left knee bends completely and extremely fast. Not long after, it extends completely and speedily. Right before, his left foot spreads away from the right one very quickly. Meanwhile, his left hand gets closer to the left knee briskly and immediately after, spreads away from his left knee. In the meantime, the right foot is spread far apart from the left and from this stance, his left foot gets closer to the right one briskly. In the meantime, his right foot is spread far apart from the other, and from this position, the left foot moves farther from the right one. Shortly after, his left knee is unbent and from this position, his left knee bends significantly and very rapidly. At the same time, he shifts towards the front, and not long after, he shifts considerably towards the back. Soon after, he shifts to the front rapidly. Just before, both feet are wide apart, and then, his left foot moves nearer to the right one quickly. Immediately after, it moves farther from the right one very quickly. At the same time, the left knee is bent. From this position, his left knee extends and very rapidly and immediately after, it bends completely and very rapidly, and a few seconds later, the left knee extends completely and quickly. A moment later, it bends completely and quickly. Shortly beforehand, the hands get closer to his left knee briskly. Soon after, they move nearer to the left knee very quickly. A moment earlier, his right hand moves farther from the left knee and after a while, it spreads away from the left knee. Just before, the feet are wide apart and are in the front. With that pose, the left foot gets closer to the right one extremely fast, and right after, moves farther from the right one. Right before, the left hand moves farther from the left knee, and soon after, it gets closer to his left ankle speedily. Just before, the left foot is wide apart from his right foot and behind their back and from this stance, the left foot gets closer to the right one. Immediately after, his left foot spreads away from the right one very rapidly. Immediately after, it moves nearer to the right one very rapidly. Just before, the left hand moves farther from his left ankle, and immediately after, moves farther from his left knee. In the second right before, the left knee gets closer to the right one. Meanwhile, the left knee is almost completely bent. From this position, his left knee bends and very fast, and in the meantime, extends and very rapidly.