He shifts significantly towards the front and not long after, moves downwards extremely fast. A moment later, he moves far over to the right speedily. Moments prior, he leans slightly into his right. A moment later, he moves upwards very fast and in the meantime, he moves a great distance to the back extremely fast. Right after, he moves downwards very rapidly and a few seconds later, he moves a great distance upwards rapidly and eventually, shifts greatly downwards speedily. Significantly earlier, the right hand moves farther from his right knee very fast. At the same time, it comes significantly closer to the right foot. Immediately after, it moves nearer to the right knee very quickly. Just before, the left hand spreads away from his left foot extremely fast. In the meantime, it moves nearer to his left foot very rapidly, and not long after, it gets closer to his left foot extremely fast. Moments prior, the person is inclined backward. It is bent to their left, about-face turned counterclockwise, lying flat facing right and from that pose, he leans significantly into his left. Shortly after, both hands spread away from the feet briskly. Right after, the knees are rather bent. Then, his knees extend and briskly. At the same time, the right hand moves nearer to the right foot very rapidly. In the meantime, his right hand spreads away from his right knee very rapidly and simultaneously, comes significantly closer to his right knee, and immediately after, moves significantly away from the right knee quickly. Immediately after, the right hand spreads away from his right foot very fast. Right after, his right hand moves nearer to the right leg. Right after, it spreads away from the right leg briskly. In the second right before, both knees are barely bent and from this stance, the left knee extends. At the same time, his knees are nearly bent. From this stance, his left knee bends and very fast. A few seconds later, his right hand gets closer to his right knee speedily and a second later, moves farther from the right knee very fast. Shortly after, it moves nearer to his right leg extremely fast. Meanwhile, the left hand moves nearer to his left knee very fast. Meanwhile, it spreads away from his left leg quickly. Meanwhile, his right hand moves farther from the right ankle extremely fast. Right after, it spreads away from the right knee extremely fast. Just before, his right knee is partly bent and from this stance, his right knee bends and quickly and in the meantime, it extends significantly. Immediately after, he moves upwards very fast. A second later, he moves downwards very quickly. In the second right before, both hands get closer to both knees.