The right leg is at the same level as the left, and then, his left foot moves farther from the right one, and a moment later, it moves farther from the right one. Just moments before, he shifts to the back. Simultaneously, he moves far to the right and shortly after, leans into his right and soon after, he shifts far over to the front. Just before, his right foot gets closer to the left one and a moment later, moves nearer to the left one. A second later, his left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one slowly. A few seconds later, someone is lying flat facing right and from this position, he shifts far over to the left, and eventually, leans into his left. Shortly beforehand, his knees are nearly bent, his right knee is close to the left, and from that pose, the left knee spreads away from the right one. Right after, it bends significantly and briskly. Simultaneously, his hands get closer to his left foot. Right after, they spread away from his left foot. Just before, both hands move nearer to the left ankle, and immediately after, spread away from his left ankle. Simultaneously, the left knee is bent. With that pose, his left knee extends completely and shortly after, it bends significantly. A moment earlier, his right knee gets closer to the left one at a slow pace. A few seconds later, his feet come significantly to each other leisurely. Shortly after, he leans into his right briskly, and meanwhile, shifts noticeably to the right, and shortly after, shifts far over to the back. Soon after, he moves to the left. Meanwhile, the left knee is located behind the right knee and is partly bent and with that pose, the left knee spreads away from the right one. Right after, it extends completely. Just before, the feet are next to each other. From this position, the left foot moves significantly away from the right one. Simultaneously, his left hand gets closer to his left foot. A second later, it moves farther from his left foot. In the second right before, his right hand moves farther from the left ankle. At the same time, both hands move nearer to the left ankle. Right after, his left hand moves farther from his left ankle, and a moment later, moves nearer to the right ankle. Simultaneously, his right knee is bent slightly, and from that pose, the right knee bends completely and speedily and a second later, extends and quickly. Right after, it moves nearer to the left one. Right before, his right foot is in front and is at the left of the left foot. It is to their left. It is wide apart from his left foot and then, the right foot gets closer to the left one.