He moves far over to the front rapidly. Shortly after, the legs are close and with that pose, the left knee moves farther from the right one. Shortly after, it gets closer to the right one, and shortly after, the left knee spreads away from the right one. Eventually, it moves nearer to the right one. After some time, it spreads away from the right one. Significantly earlier, the knees are unbent, and from that pose, the left knee bends completely and rapidly. A second later, it extends significantly. In the meantime, the left foot spreads away from the right one. Meanwhile, his right knee is in the back of the left knee and is barely bent. From that pose, his right knee bends completely. A second later, it moves nearer to the left one. In the second right before, his right hand spreads away from the right knee. A second later, it moves nearer to the right knee. Simultaneously, his right knee and his left hand move farther from the left one. A second later, his right knee is almost completely bent, and from that pose, his right knee extends, and shortly after, it bends and extremely fast. A moment later, his right knee extends. Not too long before, his left knee is straight and with that pose, his left knee bends completely and speedily. A few seconds later, it extends completely and not long after, the left knee bends significantly and quickly, and soon after, it extends significantly. Just before, his left hand moves nearer to the left knee rapidly. A second later, the hands spread away from both knees. Immediately after, the right knee and the left hand move farther from the left one. Meanwhile, the knees move together. In the meantime, both hands move nearer to both knees, and a few seconds later, spread away from both knees and a moment later, move nearer to both knees. Right before, the left hand gets closer to the left knee briskly and a second later, it moves farther from the left knee briskly. Meanwhile, his left knee moves nearer to the right one, and simultaneously, it spreads away from the right one quickly. In the meantime, his right knee is barely bent, and then, his right knee bends and rapidly. Immediately after, the right knee is ahead of his left knee and bent and from that pose, his right knee extends and rapidly. A moment later, it bends and quickly. A few seconds earlier, the right knee moves nearer to the left one. A second later, the right hand moves farther from the right knee briskly. At the same time, the knees are nearly bent. From this stance, the left knee bends significantly and briskly. Simultaneously, the left knee spreads away from the right one rapidly and right after, gets closer to the right one. Right before, his left hand spreads away from his left ankle. Simultaneously, it moves nearer to his left leg briskly, and right after, it moves farther from the left knee briskly and shortly after, his left hand gets closer to his left leg speedily. Just moments before, the left knee is almost completely bent. From this stance, the left knee extends completely. Not long after, it bends completely and rapidly. A few seconds earlier, the left knee spreads away from the right one speedily. Immediately after, it gets closer to the right one. Right before, his right hand gets closer to the right knee speedily and a few seconds later, moves farther from the right knee speedily. Right before, the right knee is bent, and then, the right knee extends. A second later, the left hand spreads away from the left ankle. Simultaneously, the left knee moves farther from the right one. Immediately after, the left knee is bent, and from this position, his left knee extends and briskly.