Both knees are slightly bent and from that pose, her right knee bends and briskly. Simultaneously, the right hand gets closer to her right ankle. A second later, it moves farther from the right ankle. At the same time, the right knee is rather bent and ahead of the left knee. With that pose, her right knee extends and briskly. Right after, it bends and quickly. Just before, her left knee is nearly bent and from that pose, the left knee bends and very rapidly. Immediately after, her left knee is bent and from this stance, the left knee extends and quickly and a few seconds later, it bends and very rapidly. Not long after, it extends and quickly and a moment later, her left knee extends and speedily. Soon after, it bends and very rapidly and after a while, it extends and extremely fast. Just before, the left hand spreads away from the left knee and immediately after, moves nearer to her left knee. Simultaneously, her right hand moves nearer to her right ankle quickly, and simultaneously, moves farther from the right ankle. In the meantime, her right knee is bent at right angle and is located in front of her left knee. From this stance, the right knee extends and speedily. Not long after, it bends and extremely fast, and shortly after, her right knee extends and speedily. In the second right before, the left hand spreads away from her left ankle and meanwhile, it gets closer to the left ankle speedily. At the same time, her right hand spreads away from her right knee quickly, and at the same time, gets closer to her right knee speedily. Not long after, it spreads away from her right knee rapidly. In the second right before, the right hand spreads away from the right ankle, and simultaneously, gets closer to her right ankle quickly. In the meantime, the left hand moves farther from the left knee. Simultaneously, it moves nearer to her left knee. A moment later, it gets closer to the left knee briskly and a moment later, the left hand spreads away from the left knee quickly. Soon after, it moves farther from the left knee speedily. Not too long before, her right hand gets closer to her right knee speedily. Meanwhile, her right knee is bent. Her left knee is bent slightly, and from this position, the knees bend and extremely fast. In the meantime, the left hand gets closer to the left ankle quickly. In the meantime, it moves farther from the left ankle. Right after, the hands move farther from both knees briskly. Meanwhile, her right knee is in l-shape. It is in front of the left knee and from that pose, the right knee extends and speedily. Right after, her hands move nearer to both knees very rapidly and not long after, they move farther from the knees very fast. Moments prior, her left knee is in front of the right knee and is bent, and with that pose, her left knee bends and quickly. Right after, her left hand moves nearer to her left knee very fast. Meanwhile, the left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle and with that pose, the left knee extends and very quickly and a few seconds later, it bends significantly. Just before, her left hand gets closer to the left knee very rapidly. A moment later, it moves nearer to the left knee. Shortly beforehand, her right hand moves farther from the right knee very quickly, and shortly after, it moves nearer to the right knee briskly. Not too long before, the hands move nearer to the right knee very rapidly, and immediately after, they move farther from the knees very fast. Meanwhile, both hands get closer to the knees extremely fast. Shortly after, they move farther from both knees. In the meantime, the left knee is at right angle, further up than the right knee, and from this stance, the left knee extends. A second later, the right knee is rather bent, and from that pose, the right knee extends.