She moves far towards the front. A second later, she moves far over to the right quickly, and a moment later, she leans into his right. In the second right before, her knees are nearly bent and from this position, her left knee extends. Shortly after, her left knee is bent a bit, and then, her left knee bends and a few seconds later, extends and quickly. Just moments before, the subject is stretched out to the right and from that pose, she shifts far over towards the back and in the meantime, she moves far over to the left briskly. After a while, she leans into his left and after a while, she moves a great distance to the right very quickly. Just before, the left foot spreads away from the right one and a few seconds later, moves nearer to the right one speedily and not long after, spreads away from the right one rapidly. Not long after, her left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Just before, her right knee is partially bent. Then, her right knee extends. Soon after, it bends. A moment earlier, her left knee is unbent and from this stance, her left knee bends. A few seconds later, she shifts far to the front. A moment later, the left foot is near to the right foot and from that pose, the left foot gets closer to the right one speedily. Simultaneously, the left foot is at the level of the right and then, the left foot spreads away from the right one extremely fast. Immediately after, it moves farther from the right one quickly, and right after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one very quickly. Simultaneously, her left knee is partially bent and from this stance, her left knee bends. Simultaneously, it extends and quickly. Immediately after, the right knee is partially bent, the left knee is bent a bit. From that pose, the knees extend and briskly. At the same time, her left foot moves nearer to the right one, and in the meantime, it moves farther from the right one briskly. A moment later, it draws significantly near to the right one. A moment earlier, she leans into his right and shortly after, she shifts far to the left quickly, and not long after, she moves far to the back. Right before, the right foot spreads significantly apart from the left one.