The left foot spreads away from the right one quickly. Simultaneously, both feet move to each other. Immediately after, his left foot gets closer to the right one quickly. A second later, both feet spread apart and at the same time, they come to each other and shortly after, they draw together. A moment later, both feet draw together. Shortly after, they spread apart from each other and after some time, they move together. A moment earlier, the left foot moves farther from the right one speedily, and right after, it moves farther from the right one rapidly. Shortly after, the right foot is at the same level as the left foot. With that pose, his left foot moves farther from the right one briskly and immediately after, gets closer to the right one quickly and not long after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily. Meanwhile, the left foot spreads away from the right one rapidly. A moment later, it moves farther from the right one briskly. Immediately after, his left foot gets closer to the right one briskly, and simultaneously, it moves farther from the right one very rapidly. Immediately after, his feet spread apart from each other. Simultaneously, his left foot moves nearer to the right one briskly and shortly after, moves farther from the right one speedily and shortly after, it gets closer to the right one speedily. Shortly after, his left foot moves farther from the right one rapidly. Just before, both feet move together. A few seconds later, they move to each other and shortly after, spread apart, and soon after, both feet move to each other. A second later, his left foot moves farther from the right one quickly. Immediately after, his left foot gets closer to the right one quickly. Meanwhile, it spreads away from the right one briskly and a second later, it gets closer to the right one rapidly. A moment later, his left foot moves farther from the right one rapidly. A second later, the left foot spreads away from the right one very rapidly. In the meantime, it gets closer to the right one rapidly and right after, it moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Immediately after, his left foot moves farther from the right one.