Her right knee moves nearer to the left one. Simultaneously, she leans into his left, and soon after, shifts to the right. Just before, the right knee is straight, and from this position, the right knee bends and rapidly and immediately after, extends and shortly after, bends significantly and very rapidly. Not too long before, the right foot is stretched forwards and spread far apart from the left foot. From this position, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily. A second later, her right hand moves nearer to the right ankle. Shortly after, the right hand spreads away from her right ankle. After a while, it moves nearer to her right ankle speedily. Shortly beforehand, the left leg moves farther from the right one rapidly. Simultaneously, the left hand moves farther from her right knee rapidly. Right after, it gets closer to the right knee very slowly. After a while, it moves farther from the right knee very rapidly. Much earlier, her right knee is located in front of the left knee, almost completely bent. From this stance, the right knee extends significantly and extremely fast and meanwhile, bends completely and quickly. Immediately after, the right foot is in front and is higher than the right hip. It is spread far apart from the left foot. From this position, her right foot comes significantly closer to the left one gradually. Shortly after, it spreads significantly apart from the left one quickly. Just before, both knees are partly bent and from this stance, her right knee gets closer to the left one and in the meantime, extends significantly. Right after, her left knee is a bit bent, and from this stance, the left knee extends. Immediately after, she shifts considerably towards the back. A moment later, her right knee is unbent and from this position, her right knee bends completely and extremely fast, and in the meantime, moves farther from the left one. A second later, the right knee extends significantly and very rapidly and immediately after, it bends and rapidly. Meanwhile, the right hand spreads away from her right ankle rapidly. A second later, her left hand moves farther from the right knee and meanwhile, gets closer to the right knee speedily, and a moment later, gets closer to the right knee briskly. A few seconds earlier, both feet are wide apart. From that pose, her left foot gets closer to the right one speedily. In the meantime, the right knee is at right angle. From this stance, her right knee gets closer to the left one. Right after, it bends and very fast. At the same time, the right hand moves nearer to her right ankle, and meanwhile, moves nearer to the right foot. Right after, it moves farther from her right ankle. Right before, her knees are barely bent. From this position, her left knee moves farther from the right one quickly. After a while, it bends significantly and speedily and after a while, the left knee spreads away from the right one speedily. A moment earlier, the left foot and her right hand move farther from the right one. Meanwhile, the right knee is rather bent. From this position, the right knee extends and very rapidly, and in the meantime, bends and briskly. Right after, her left foot is wide apart from the other and with that pose, the right leg gets closer to the left one extremely slowly. At the same time, the human is bent forward. It is face to the left on the ground and from this position, she leans into his right. Simultaneously, both knees are rather bent and then, the right knee extends. A moment later, the left hand moves nearer to her left ankle. In the meantime, her left hand moves nearer to the left foot. Simultaneously, it moves farther from her left foot. Immediately after, it spreads away from her left ankle quickly, and shortly after, her left hand moves farther from the right knee. Just moments before, the left knee moves nearer to the right one. At the same time, her left foot spreads away from the right one extremely fast, and immediately after, it draws significantly near to the right one briskly. Right before, her left knee is bent and from this stance, the left knee extends completely and very fast, and immediately after, it moves farther from the right one. In the meantime, the left foot moves significantly away from the right one. Immediately after, she moves to the front. A second later, the left hand gets closer to the left foot rapidly and in the meantime, it spreads away from her left foot briskly. At the same time, the knees are slightly bent and with that pose, the left knee extends significantly and speedily and meanwhile, it bends significantly and very quickly. Meanwhile, the left hand gets closer to the left ankle extremely fast and meanwhile, it moves farther from her left ankle quickly.