The left knee is unbent. Then, the left knee extends completely. In the meantime, it bends completely and very rapidly. Simultaneously, he moves far over towards the front very rapidly and immediately after, he moves far to the left. Simultaneously, he leans into his right. A moment later, he shifts downwards. Right before, his left hand spreads away from the left foot rapidly and at the same time, gets closer to his left foot very rapidly. In the meantime, the right knee moves farther from the left one. Meanwhile, both knees draw significantly together. A second later, his right hand gets closer to his right leg and right after, it moves farther from the right foot and shortly after, moves nearer to the left knee gently. Right before, his right foot is wide apart from the left foot, and with that pose, the feet move to each other. Immediately after, the hands get closer to the knees. A few seconds later, his body is face to the right on the ground. From that pose, he moves a great distance to the right rapidly, and immediately after, leans significantly into his left. In the second right before, his left knee is bent and from this position, his left knee bends. A few seconds later, it extends and speedily. A few seconds earlier, his feet are right next to each other. From this position, his left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one. Right after, the feet are spread apart, and from this stance, his right foot draws significantly near to the left one rapidly. A few seconds later, it draws significantly near to the left one. Not too long before, his feet are wide apart. Then, his left foot moves farther from the right one quickly. Right after, it gets closer to the right one quickly, and not long after, his left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one. A moment later, it spreads away from the right one quickly. Shortly after, it gets closer to the right one briskly. A second later, the left foot moves significantly away from the right one speedily, and right after, it comes significantly closer to the right one rapidly. A second later, it spreads significantly apart from the right one extremely fast. Right before, he moves far towards the back very rapidly. Simultaneously, he moves far to the left extremely fast. Right after, the right knee is slightly bent and with that pose, the right knee extends. At the same time, the left hand spreads away from the left knee speedily. Right after, it moves nearer to his left knee briskly. Right before, the right hand spreads away from his right ankle very fast. At the same time, his right hand moves nearer to the right ankle briskly. At the same time, his left knee is bent and from this position, his left knee bends and rapidly. A second later, it extends and rapidly. Not long after, the left knee bends. Right before, his right foot is wide apart from his left foot. It is lower than his left foot and with that pose, the left foot draws significantly near to the right one very rapidly. Meanwhile, both knees are nearly bent and from this stance, the right knee bends and quickly. At the same time, the right hand moves farther from the right knee speedily. At the same time, his right foot is spread far apart from the left foot and is lower than his left foot, and with that pose, his left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one very fast. A second later, his left foot is wide apart from his right foot. It is behind the back, and with that pose, the left foot moves significantly away from the right one very fast and immediately after, gets closer to the right one briskly. Right before, the right hand gets closer to the right knee speedily. At the same time, his left foot is spread far apart from his right foot and behind their back and then, his right foot comes significantly closer to the left one quickly.