She leans significantly into his left. A moment later, she moves a great distance downwards. A few seconds earlier, she shifts to the right. Simultaneously, her left hand moves nearer to her left ankle gradually. Immediately after, the right knee is unbent with her left knee a bit bent. From that pose, her knees bend significantly. Simultaneously, her right hand gets closer to her right ankle. Soon after, it spreads away from her right ankle speedily and a moment later, moves farther from her right foot briskly. Moments prior, the hands get closer to both feet. At the same time, her left hand gets closer to her right ankle, and a second later, it moves nearer to her right foot. At the same time, this person is hunched over and leaning to the left. It is angled towards the right side. From this position, she moves a great distance to the left quickly, and after some time, leans markedly into his right. Just before, both hands spread away from her feet, and a moment later, they move nearer to the feet speedily. Just before, the hands spread away from her ankles. Shortly after, they get closer to both ankles, and eventually, they spread away from the ankles. Just before, her left hand gets closer to her left foot and a second later, it spreads away from her left foot briskly and soon after, spreads away from the right ankle. Shortly beforehand, the left hand spreads away from her left ankle and simultaneously, it moves nearer to the left ankle. A second later, the right hand gets closer to the right ankle and immediately after, it spreads away from her right ankle quickly. A second later, it moves farther from the right foot rapidly. Just before, her right hand gets closer to her right foot rapidly. Immediately after, the left foot gets closer to the right one. Right after, it spreads away from the right one. Simultaneously, the hands move nearer to both feet. In the meantime, the right hand gets closer to her left ankle, and shortly after, spreads away from the right foot. Just moments before, the feet are right next to each other and from this position, her right foot moves nearer to the left one gently, and after some time, spreads significantly apart from the left one quickly. Significantly earlier, the right hand gets closer to the right ankle. Right after, the left hand moves farther from the right foot and a few seconds later, spreads away from the left ankle. Shortly after, it spreads away from her left knee. Eventually, her left hand gets closer to the left knee speedily. Just before, she leans significantly into his left, and immediately after, moves a great distance to the right. Shortly after, she moves significantly upwards, and eventually, she leans markedly into his right. Just before, both hands move farther from her left foot. Not long after, the right hand spreads away from the right knee speedily. Immediately after, it gets closer to the right knee and a few seconds later, comes significantly closer to her right foot briskly. Right before, her left knee is almost completely bent, and from that pose, the left knee extends, and not long after, it extends. Moments prior, the right knee is almost completely bent. With that pose, the right knee extends completely. Meanwhile, the hands get closer to the right ankle. A second later, they spread away from the right ankle. In the meantime, the right hand moves significantly away from the right foot. A second later, her left foot gets closer to the right one.