The left hand moves nearer to the left knee. Immediately after, it moves farther from the right knee and a moment later, moves farther from the left knee, and a moment later, his left hand gets closer to the right knee steadily. After a while, it moves farther from his right knee extremely slowly. Much earlier, he leans into his left just a little. At the same time, his right knee is bent and with that pose, the right knee gets closer to the left one. Meanwhile, it extends completely. A moment later, his knees are close and straight. With that pose, his left knee bends and rapidly, and not long after, it extends significantly. Moments prior, the knees are together, unbent. From this stance, his left knee moves farther from the right one and not long after, moves nearer to the right one. A second later, the knees are straight. They are next to each other and with that pose, the right knee bends significantly and rapidly and immediately after, moves farther from the left one. Shortly after, the left hand gets closer to his left knee at a slow pace and soon after, it spreads away from the left knee. Shortly beforehand, the right knee is higher than his left knee. It is in front of his left knee and bent at 90 degrees, and from that pose, his right knee moves nearer to the left one. In the meantime, it extends completely and briskly. After some time, both knees are close and a bit bent and from this position, his knees bend completely. Simultaneously, he shifts noticeably downwards very quickly. A second later, he shifts noticeably upwards very rapidly. At the same time, both knees are rather bent. From this position, both knees extend significantly. A few seconds later, they bend significantly and after some time, bend completely. Shortly beforehand, he shifts noticeably downwards very fast and a few seconds later, moves considerably upwards extremely fast. Simultaneously, both knees are fully bent, and then, his right knee and his left knee extend significantly. A moment later, he moves a great distance downwards very fast.