He moves considerably downwards. Right after, he moves considerably to the right. Right before, both knees are bent slightly. With that pose, the left knee bends significantly. A second later, the right knee and his left knee are bent and from this stance, the right knee bends completely. Immediately after, the right hand gets closer to the left knee and a moment later, moves farther from the left knee. Just before, both hands move nearer to both knees and a second later, they spread away from his knees. Meanwhile, he moves upwards extremely fast, and a few seconds later, he moves downwards very rapidly. Just moments before, both knees are bent to maximum. From this stance, his right knee extends completely and very fast. A second later, the right knee is partially bent, and with that pose, the right knee bends significantly and quickly. At the same time, both hands move nearer to both knees. Right after, he shifts considerably upwards. A moment later, he shifts noticeably downwards. Not too long before, his hands move farther from both knees. Meanwhile, both knees are bent sharply and with that pose, the left knee and the right knee extend significantly. Right after, his right knee is unbent and from that pose, the right knee bends and very rapidly, and not long after, it bends significantly. A moment later, his right hand gets closer to his right knee. In the meantime, his left knee is unbent. Then, his left knee bends significantly and quickly. In the meantime, both hands get closer to both knees, and soon after, spread away from both knees speedily. Just moments before, the knees are almost completely bent, and then, the left knee extends significantly and speedily and shortly after, it bends completely and speedily. Just moments before, his left hand moves farther from his left knee. Shortly after, it moves nearer to his left knee rapidly. Not too long before, he moves upwards briskly. Immediately after, his right hand moves nearer to his right knee. Meanwhile, it spreads away from the right knee. A few seconds later, it moves farther from the right knee gently. Moments prior, he moves to the left. At the same time, he moves to the back. Right after, he moves downwards very quickly. Right after, his knees are fully bent. From this stance, the knees extend completely and quickly. In the meantime, he moves considerably upwards. A second later, the left knee is barely bent. From that pose, the left knee bends significantly, and shortly after, it extends significantly. At the same time, he shifts to the right. At the same time, the right knee is a bit bent and with that pose, the right knee bends completely. A few seconds later, his right knee is at right angle. It is further up than his left knee. Then, the right knee extends and speedily. Not long after, his right knee is bent and from that pose, his right knee bends and rapidly.