His left hand spreads away from his left knee. In the meantime, he moves towards the front, and after some time, he leans into his right. Just before, his left hand moves nearer to the right foot very fast. In the meantime, it spreads away from his right foot very quickly. Meanwhile, the left foot moves farther from the right one very quickly. Immediately after, it gets closer to the right one very rapidly, and not long after, moves farther from the right one very rapidly. Just moments before, his left hand spreads away from the right ankle very quickly and at the same time, it moves nearer to the right ankle extremely fast. Meanwhile, his right knee is forming an l shape and from this position, the right knee extends and very quickly. A few seconds later, the left hand gets closer to his left knee, and a moment later, it moves nearer to the right ankle very rapidly. Just moments before, his left hand spreads away from his left knee. A second later, his right hand moves significantly away from the right knee very rapidly and a second later, it gets closer to the right knee. Eventually, it moves farther from his right knee very fast. A moment earlier, his knees are slightly bent, and from this stance, his right knee bends and briskly. Meanwhile, it extends and very fast. Meanwhile, his right hand moves nearer to his right leg extremely fast, and meanwhile, spreads away from the right ankle extremely fast. A second later, the left hand moves nearer to his right foot very rapidly, and at the same time, it moves farther from his right ankle very rapidly. In the meantime, the left foot is spread far apart from the right, and with that pose, his left foot gets closer to the right one very fast. After some time, it spreads away from the right one briskly. Significantly earlier, the left hand spreads away from his right foot very rapidly and immediately after, gets closer to the left knee. A second later, he shifts to the right and shortly after, moves far over towards the back. Meanwhile, both knees are unbent, and with that pose, his right knee bends. At the same time, his left hand moves farther from the left knee, and shortly after, it moves farther from his left knee extremely fast. Right before, the hands move nearer to both knees very quickly. Simultaneously, he shifts downwards briskly. Right after, he moves far over to the left and a second later, he moves significantly upwards very quickly. At the same time, the right hand moves significantly away from the right knee and right after, it moves farther from the right ankle very quickly. In the second right before, his right hand moves nearer to his right ankle very rapidly. Immediately after, the left hand spreads away from his right foot speedily. At the same time, the left hand gets closer to the right foot extremely fast. Simultaneously, it spreads away from his right leg. Meanwhile, his left hand moves nearer to his right leg. Shortly after, it moves nearer to his right leg extremely fast, and shortly after, it spreads away from the right leg speedily. Shortly beforehand, his right knee is bent at right angle, and from that pose, his right knee bends. Shortly after, it comes significantly closer to the left one. Shortly beforehand, he moves significantly downwards, and a moment later, shifts upwards briskly. Right before, his right foot gets closer to the left one. A second later, both hands move nearer to the knees extremely fast, and not long after, they move nearer to both knees extremely fast. Just moments before, both hands move farther from the knees very quickly. In the meantime, the right hand moves nearer to his right knee very rapidly and right after, it moves farther from the right knee very fast. In the meantime, his knees move apart. In the meantime, the left foot spreads away from the right one very rapidly, and immediately after, moves nearer to the right one very quickly. Just before, the right hand moves nearer to the right knee very fast, and immediately after, spreads away from his right knee very rapidly. At the same time, his left hand gets closer to his right foot extremely fast, and meanwhile, moves farther from his right foot very fast. Simultaneously, he shifts downwards very fast, and shortly after, he moves a great distance to the right speedily. Just moments before, the left knee is partially bent and then, his left knee extends.