The right knee is bent, and from this position, the right knee extends, and after some time, extends completely. Shortly beforehand, he moves significantly towards the front, and right after, he shifts downwards very fast. In the second right before, the right hand moves farther from the right knee and a moment later, it spreads away from his right knee. Just before, his left hand spreads away from the left knee slowly, and shortly after, spreads away from his left knee briskly. A moment earlier, he shifts significantly to the right. In the meantime, he moves considerably upwards and at the same time, shifts far to the back speedily. After a while, he shifts downwards quickly. Shortly beforehand, his knees are bent a bit and with that pose, both knees bend. A second later, his hands get closer to both knees speedily. Immediately after, his left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle and with that pose, the left knee extends completely. Eventually, the knees are a bit bent, and from this stance, the left knee bends. Eventually, it extends and briskly. Simultaneously, he leans into his left. Simultaneously, he shifts far over towards the front very rapidly. A few seconds later, he shifts downwards speedily. Moments prior, his right knee is bent. With that pose, the right knee bends and very fast, and right after, it extends and briskly. Meanwhile, the left knee is straight and then, his left knee bends significantly and quickly, and right after, it extends significantly and rapidly. Just before, the left hand gets closer to the left knee speedily. A second later, it spreads away from the left knee very rapidly. Simultaneously, his right knee is unbent, and from that pose, the right knee bends. Simultaneously, his right hand gets closer to the right knee speedily. A second later, both hands spread away from the knees extremely fast. Simultaneously, the right knee is bent at 90 degrees. From that pose, his right knee extends. In the meantime, his left hand gets closer to the left knee briskly. A few seconds later, the right knee is unbent. Then, his right knee bends completely. Simultaneously, he moves to the back very rapidly.