He shifts considerably to the right. In the meantime, he shifts to the back speedily. Immediately after, he shifts far over to the front briskly. Right after, both knees are nearly bent and from this stance, his left knee bends. A moment later, it extends and very quickly. In the meantime, the left foot comes significantly closer to the right one, and at the same time, spreads away from the right one very quickly. Meanwhile, the left hand spreads away from the left ankle quickly. Simultaneously, it gets closer to the left ankle speedily. Shortly after, it gets closer to the left ankle speedily. In the meantime, his left knee is partly bent. Then, the left knee bends and very fast, and a second later, bends and rapidly. Meanwhile, his left hand moves farther from the left ankle extremely fast. At the same time, the left foot moves nearer to the right one very rapidly. At the same time, it spreads away from the right one very rapidly. A second later, he shifts far over towards the back speedily, and immediately after, he shifts to the left, and soon after, leans into his left just a little. A moment earlier, the left knee is located in front of the right knee, almost completely bent. From that pose, the left knee extends. A moment later, it bends, and after some time, the left knee bends completely and very rapidly. Just moments before, he moves far over towards the front speedily. Not long after, his left foot moves farther from the right one very fast and right after, it moves nearer to the right one quickly. In the meantime, his left knee is bent at 90 degrees and in the back of his right knee, and then, the left knee extends and speedily. Immediately after, it bends and very fast. Right after, the left knee extends and very quickly. Right before, the left hand spreads away from the left knee and a second later, it moves nearer to his left leg. Immediately after, it spreads away from his left ankle. At the same time, the left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast. Immediately after, it gets closer to the right one briskly. In the meantime, he moves far to the back speedily. Immediately after, he leans a bit into his right. Just before, the left knee is straight, and from this stance, the left knee bends significantly and extremely fast, and a second later, it extends.