He leans significantly into his left, and simultaneously, shifts downwards extremely fast. Simultaneously, he moves far over towards the front rapidly. Immediately after, he shifts upwards. A moment later, he moves far to the left. A moment earlier, his right knee is barely bent. Then, the right knee bends significantly and very fast, and immediately after, extends significantly. In the second right before, his left knee is bent to maximum. From that pose, the left knee extends completely. After a while, it bends significantly. Shortly beforehand, both hands get closer to both knees very rapidly. Simultaneously, the right hand moves nearer to the left knee slowly and shortly after, it moves farther from the left knee at a slow pace. A few seconds later, he moves far towards the back rapidly. Immediately after, the right knee is slightly bent. From that pose, the right knee bends completely and rapidly. A second later, it extends completely and speedily. Just before, his body is stretched out to the left, about-face turned counterclockwise and then, he leans greatly into his right and a moment later, shifts downwards very fast. Soon after, he leans significantly into his left, and after some time, moves far over to the right quickly, and after a while, shifts far over to the front briskly. Significantly earlier, both hands move farther from both knees and a few seconds later, they move nearer to the knees. Simultaneously, his left knee is bent to maximum. With that pose, his left knee extends significantly and a moment later, extends, and after some time, bends completely and very rapidly. In the second right before, the right hand moves farther from the right knee, and not long after, gets closer to his left knee. Not too long before, the left hand moves farther from the left knee, and eventually, it spreads away from the left knee. Just before, the left knee is bent to maximum and from this stance, his left knee extends significantly and rapidly and after a while, it bends completely and very fast. Significantly earlier, his right knee is partly bent, and from this stance, the right knee bends significantly and extremely fast. Right after, it extends significantly, and after a while, the right knee bends significantly and rapidly. Just before, this person is face to the left on the ground, and from that pose, he moves upwards very rapidly and a moment later, leans significantly into his left. Moments prior, the human is stretched out to the left. From that pose, he leans greatly into his right, and in the meantime, moves downwards very rapidly. Right after, his hands move nearer to his knees rapidly. Shortly after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one slowly. A few seconds later, it spreads away from the right one. Not too long before, he shifts upwards. Meanwhile, he moves a great distance to the left briskly and a moment later, he moves far towards the back extremely fast. Soon after, he moves downwards quickly. Shortly beforehand, his right hand moves farther from the left knee steadily. Shortly after, it moves farther from his right knee. A second later, his right knee is rather bent. With that pose, his right knee extends completely and quickly. Right after, the left knee is fully bent, and from this position, the left knee extends and briskly.