He shifts towards the front. Immediately after, the right knee is slightly bent. From this position, the right knee extends and quickly and in the meantime, bends and very rapidly. A few seconds later, it bends and very fast. At the same time, his right knee is nearly bent and then, the right knee extends and rapidly, and shortly after, it bends and very quickly. A few seconds later, his right knee extends and briskly, and a moment later, it bends and very fast. A moment later, it extends and speedily and after some time, his right knee bends and briskly and after a while, it extends and very rapidly. Not too long before, his left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle. It is joined with his right knee. From that pose, the left knee extends. Right after, he moves to the front. In the meantime, his left knee is a bit bent and from that pose, his left knee bends and quickly and right after, it extends. A few seconds later, his right knee is a bit bent and from this position, the right knee bends and very fast. Right after, his left knee is bent slightly. From this stance, his left knee bends significantly and briskly. Right after, it extends and very rapidly and a moment later, it extends, and shortly after, his left knee bends and rapidly. Shortly after, it extends, and after a while, it bends and very fast. Much earlier, the right knee is bent. Then, the right knee extends and very rapidly. Immediately after, it bends significantly and very rapidly and shortly after, it extends completely and speedily and a few seconds later, his right knee bends significantly and very rapidly. Shortly after, it extends significantly and extremely fast. Shortly after, his right knee is bent, and from that pose, the right knee extends completely, and in the meantime, it bends and very quickly. A moment later, the right knee bends completely and briskly and simultaneously, extends significantly. Right after, the left knee is bent slightly, and from that pose, his left knee extends. At the same time, it bends and quickly. Not long after, the left knee is partially bent and with that pose, the left knee bends and very rapidly. Meanwhile, the left hand moves farther from his left foot quickly. At the same time, it moves nearer to his left ankle rapidly. Simultaneously, the left hand moves nearer to the left foot rapidly.