She shifts far over to the front extremely fast. In the meantime, both hands get closer to both knees. At the same time, she shifts to the right, and not long after, leans significantly into his left. A second later, the right knee is straight, and from that pose, the right knee bends. Not long after, it extends and speedily and a moment later, bends. Just moments before, she shifts a great distance to the left rapidly. Eventually, she leans significantly into his right. Shortly beforehand, her left knee is rather bent and from this position, her left knee extends and rapidly, and right after, it bends. A few seconds later, the left knee is in l-shape and from this position, her left knee extends and speedily and shortly after, extends and rapidly. A few seconds earlier, the left knee is in l-shape and with that pose, the left knee bends. Immediately after, her right knee is rather bent and with that pose, her right knee extends and speedily. Immediately after, it bends. A second later, a person is fully rotated counterclockwise. It is angling to the left, and from this stance, she shifts a great distance towards the back briskly. A moment later, she leans significantly into his left. Immediately after, she shifts far over to the right quickly. At the same time, the left knee is slightly bent. Then, the left knee bends. Immediately after, her left knee is rather bent and near the right knee. From this stance, the left knee bends and simultaneously, it extends and briskly. A few seconds later, both knees are bent slightly and from this stance, her left knee extends and quickly and right after, bends. Right after, the human is face to the left on the ground. Then, she shifts far over towards the front speedily, and a moment later, she leans into his right. Moments prior, the right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle. Then, the right knee extends and rapidly. Simultaneously, it bends. A second later, both knees are nearly bent, and from this stance, the left knee extends and speedily, and immediately after, it bends.