Her right knee is straight and from this stance, her right knee bends significantly and extremely slowly. Not long after, the right hand moves farther from the right knee and after a while, moves nearer to her right leg. Just before, the left hand moves farther from the left knee. Shortly after, the right foot moves farther from the left one. A second later, the right knee is bent, and then, her right knee extends and very quickly, and meanwhile, it bends significantly and rapidly. Meanwhile, her right hand spreads away from the right ankle rapidly and a moment later, moves farther from the right knee at a slow pace. After a while, it moves nearer to her right leg leisurely. Just before, she shifts to the front, and eventually, she leans significantly into his left. Shortly beforehand, the right foot is in front. It is wide apart from the left foot. From this position, her left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly, and shortly after, moves farther from the right one speedily and a moment later, her left foot moves nearer to the right one. Moments prior, her right knee is bent at 90 degrees and from that pose, her right knee bends and briskly. Meanwhile, it extends and extremely fast, and soon after, her right knee bends and extremely fast. Shortly after, it bends and very fast. Shortly beforehand, the left knee is nearly bent, and from this stance, her left knee bends and very quickly, and right after, extends and very quickly. In the second right before, her left hand gets closer to the left knee and shortly after, it spreads away from the left knee. Right before, the knees are slightly bent. Then, the left knee bends significantly and rapidly and right after, it extends completely. A moment later, it bends, and after a while, her left knee extends. Shortly beforehand, the right hand moves farther from the right ankle extremely fast and simultaneously, it gets closer to her right ankle rapidly, and immediately after, moves farther from the right ankle very quickly. Just before, the right foot spreads away from the left one. A few seconds later, it moves nearer to the left one. In the second right before, her left hand gets closer to her left knee. Simultaneously, she moves to the left, and a few seconds later, shifts far over to the right speedily.