She shifts towards the front briskly. Simultaneously, she leans into his right. Right after, her right hand gets closer to the right knee briskly. Simultaneously, her left hand moves farther from her right knee and immediately after, it spreads away from her left knee and soon after, gets closer to her left knee speedily. Just before, she shifts far to the left quickly. Immediately after, she moves to the back, and a moment later, she shifts considerably towards the front very quickly. Meanwhile, both feet are wide apart and from that pose, her left foot gets closer to the right one rapidly. A second later, the right hand moves nearer to her left knee. A moment later, it gets closer to her left knee briskly. Moments prior, the left knee is at right angle and from this stance, her left knee extends and very rapidly. Immediately after, it bends. Simultaneously, the left foot spreads away from the right one quickly. Shortly after, it gets closer to the right one speedily, and shortly after, moves farther from the right one speedily. Just before, she shifts considerably towards the back quickly. Meanwhile, both hands spread away from her left knee extremely fast. A second later, she moves far downwards speedily, and right after, she shifts noticeably to the front speedily. Meanwhile, both knees are partially bent. From that pose, the right knee bends significantly. Meanwhile, the left hand moves nearer to the left leg speedily and immediately after, moves farther from her left leg, and shortly after, gets closer to the left leg. Moments prior, her right hand gets closer to the left foot rapidly, and a second later, gets closer to her right knee. In the second right before, both knees are bent at 90 degrees. From this position, her left knee extends and a second later, bends. A moment later, the left knee extends. Just before, the right hand moves farther from the right knee. In the meantime, it spreads away from the left foot. Immediately after, the right hand gets closer to the left foot. At the same time, it gets closer to her left ankle. At the same time, she shifts a great distance upwards. Simultaneously, her right knee is higher than the left knee. It is completely bent. From that pose, the right knee extends significantly. A second later, this person is angled towards the left side and is face to the right on the ground. Then, she shifts far over to the back very rapidly. Meanwhile, she shifts a great distance to the right. Right after, she shifts to the front rapidly. Not long after, she shifts noticeably towards the back rapidly, and shortly after, she leans into his left, and soon after, she shifts towards the front. Shortly beforehand, both hands spread away from the left leg. Meanwhile, both hands move farther from the left foot briskly. Simultaneously, the left hand moves nearer to her left foot briskly. A few seconds later, her left hand moves farther from the left knee. Simultaneously, the left hand gets closer to the left knee very quickly. A moment later, it gets closer to the left knee and not long after, it spreads away from the left knee. Just moments before, both knees are partially bent, and from this stance, the right knee bends. A second later, the right hand spreads away from the right knee rapidly. Right after, her left knee is partially bent and with that pose, the left knee bends. Right after, her left foot is in the front. It is wide apart from her right foot. From this position, her left leg gets closer to the right one very rapidly and a moment later, it gets closer to the right one. Moments prior, her right knee spreads away from the left one. A few seconds later, it spreads significantly apart from the left one. Shortly after, it gets closer to the left one. Shortly beforehand, the left hand moves nearer to the right knee quickly. A second later, it moves farther from the right leg very fast. Right before, her left foot is in front and wide apart from her right foot and with that pose, the left foot spreads away from the right one very rapidly. Shortly after, it spreads away from the right one very quickly. Just moments before, both knees are slightly bent and then, the right knee extends and very quickly. Right after, her right hand moves nearer to the right leg extremely fast and in the meantime, gets closer to her right foot very fast. At the same time, the right hand spreads significantly apart from her right ankle and at the same time, it spreads away from the right knee speedily. At the same time, the right hand moves significantly away from her right foot. Immediately after, she shifts far over towards the back and a second later, she leans into his right and a moment later, she shifts downwards. In the second right before, her left hand moves nearer to her right leg extremely fast and immediately after, it spreads away from the right leg very quickly. Meanwhile, her right hand spreads away from her right knee rapidly. Meanwhile, it gets closer to her right knee rapidly, and right after, moves nearer to the right knee. At the same time, the right knee is bent, and then, the right knee bends completely. Immediately after, she shifts to the left rapidly and meanwhile, shifts to the front speedily.