His left knee is a bit bent. With that pose, his left knee bends and very quickly. Immediately after, it extends completely and very rapidly and not long after, bends and very rapidly. A few seconds earlier, the right knee is bent slightly, and with that pose, his right knee bends and very quickly. Immediately after, it extends and very rapidly. Simultaneously, his left knee is nearly bent, behind his right knee, his right knee is bent at 90 degrees, and then, both knees bend and very rapidly. Immediately after, they extend completely and briskly. A second later, he shifts a great distance towards the back briskly, and shortly after, moves to the left. Not long after, the knees are bent a bit. From that pose, the left knee bends completely. A second later, both knees are barely bent and with that pose, the right knee bends completely. A second later, he shifts far downwards briskly and a second later, moves a great distance to the right, and a second later, he moves far towards the front quickly. Just before, his left hand gets closer to his left knee. Right after, the right hand gets closer to the left foot slowly, and soon after, moves farther from the right foot, and eventually, moves farther from his right ankle. Significantly earlier, his hands move nearer to the right foot. At the same time, they move nearer to his ankles. Simultaneously, both hands move nearer to his ankles steadily. Not long after, they spread away from his feet. Simultaneously, his left hand gets closer to the left foot and a moment later, it moves farther from the left foot and soon after, gets closer to his left foot. Just moments before, his left hand moves farther from his left ankle. In the meantime, the left hand moves nearer to the right foot, and right after, it spreads away from his left knee. In the meantime, his left hand gets closer to the right knee. At the same time, both hands move farther from his ankles. A second later, the left hand gets closer to the left leg and a second later, moves farther from his left knee, and a few seconds later, it moves farther from his left ankle. Shortly after, the left hand moves farther from the left foot. Just moments before, his left hand is near the right knee and from this stance, the left hand spreads away from the right leg. A few seconds later, his right hand moves nearer to the right ankle quickly. Shortly after, his left hand gets closer to the left leg.