She shifts far towards the front and a moment later, shifts to the right, and a moment later, she leans significantly into his left. Shortly beforehand, the left hand moves nearer to her left ankle. In the meantime, the knees are unbent. Then, the left knee bends completely. A few seconds later, it extends significantly and rapidly. Not too long before, her hands get closer to her left foot, and after some time, spread away from the right foot. Just before, her right hand spreads away from the left foot. A second later, her right hand gets closer to her right ankle, and at the same time, it moves nearer to the right foot. Simultaneously, the right knee is straight and in the back of the left knee. From that pose, the right knee bends completely, and shortly after, it extends completely and rapidly. Just before, the left hand moves farther from the left foot and simultaneously, it moves farther from the left ankle very slowly and immediately after, it gets closer to the right foot slowly. A few seconds later, the right hand moves farther from her right ankle, and shortly after, it gets closer to the right ankle. Not too long before, her knees are unbent and from this position, the left knee bends completely and briskly, and immediately after, extends significantly and very quickly. Just before, the left hand moves nearer to the left ankle. A second later, her hands move nearer to her left foot rapidly and meanwhile, move farther from the left foot. Shortly after, they move nearer to the right foot and soon after, the hands move farther from the right foot. A moment earlier, she moves far to the left. Right after, her left hand moves farther from the left ankle. After a while, it gets closer to her left ankle. Shortly beforehand, the right knee is straight, and from that pose, her right knee bends significantly, and shortly after, extends significantly and briskly. In the meantime, her right hand moves farther from the right ankle. Not long after, both knees are unbent, and from that pose, her left knee bends completely and speedily and immediately after, extends significantly and very rapidly. Right before, the left hand moves nearer to her left foot. A second later, it moves farther from the left ankle slowly. In the meantime, the left hand spreads away from the left foot. A few seconds later, it spreads away from the right foot. Just moments before, the right hand gets closer to the right ankle and shortly after, it spreads away from her right ankle. Shortly after, it moves farther from her right foot. Just before, the right knee is straight and with that pose, the right knee bends completely, and soon after, it extends significantly and quickly. Moments prior, both hands get closer to the right foot.