He shifts far towards the front briskly and a moment later, he shifts to the right. Right before, the knees are unbent, the left leg is beside the other and from this position, the left knee moves farther from the right one, and a moment later, it extends. Moments prior, both knees are unbent and then, his left knee bends and rapidly. Right after, his right hand spreads away from the right knee. Meanwhile, the feet are joined. From that pose, his left foot moves farther from the right one. Right after, the left hand moves farther from his left knee. At the same time, the right hand moves farther from his right ankle and at the same time, it moves nearer to his right leg very fast. A moment later, it moves farther from his right knee. Just moments before, the right knee is straight. From that pose, the right knee bends completely and speedily, and immediately after, it extends. Meanwhile, the left knee moves nearer to the right one, and right after, it spreads away from the right one quickly. Right before, the left hand gets closer to the left knee briskly and a few seconds later, spreads away from the left knee briskly. Just moments before, the left knee is straight, and with that pose, the left knee bends completely and quickly. Right after, the left knee is partially bent, and with that pose, his left knee extends significantly, and immediately after, it moves farther from the right one briskly. A few seconds later, it bends completely and very rapidly. Just before, his right knee is barely bent, and from this position, his right knee moves nearer to the left one, and simultaneously, bends and very rapidly. Meanwhile, his right hand moves nearer to the right leg briskly. A second later, it moves farther from his right ankle speedily. At the same time, the right knee is bent. Then, his right knee extends. In the meantime, his left knee gets closer to the right one and a second later, it moves farther from the right one quickly. A moment later, it moves nearer to the right one, and shortly after, his left knee spreads away from the right one briskly. Not long after, it gets closer to the right one, and soon after, it moves farther from the right one rapidly. Soon after, his left knee gets closer to the right one and shortly after, it spreads away from the right one speedily. A moment earlier, his right hand moves farther from the right knee and a few seconds later, it moves nearer to his right knee. Moments prior, the left hand moves farther from his left ankle. At the same time, his left hand moves nearer to his left leg very quickly and eventually, it moves nearer to the left leg very quickly. A moment earlier, the right knee is nearly bent and from this position, his right knee bends and very quickly. Meanwhile, the hands move farther from both knees rapidly. Meanwhile, his right hand gets closer to the right leg quickly. Meanwhile, the left knee is forming an l shape. It is located in front of his right knee, and then, the left knee extends significantly. Immediately after, it bends completely and extremely fast, and shortly after, the left knee extends completely. Not too long before, the right hand moves farther from his right ankle. At the same time, the right knee is bent. With that pose, the right knee extends and quickly and shortly after, bends and very fast. In the second right before, his right hand moves farther from the right knee briskly. Right after, it gets closer to the right leg speedily, and a moment later, it moves farther from the right ankle quickly. Moments prior, his left hand spreads away from the left ankle. At the same time, the left hand gets closer to his left ankle quickly. At the same time, his left hand moves nearer to his left knee very rapidly and immediately after, it moves farther from the left knee speedily. Right after, his left knee is straight and then, the left knee bends completely and extremely fast. At the same time, it moves nearer to the right one. At the same time, the right knee is bent, and from this position, his right knee extends.