Both feet are spread apart, and then, the left foot moves nearer to the right one quickly. Simultaneously, he moves to the front, and at the same time, leans into his left just a little and rapidly. At the same time, the knees draw together. Meanwhile, the right hand gets closer to his right knee rapidly. In the meantime, his left hand moves farther from his left knee rapidly. A few seconds later, it gets closer to his left knee speedily. Simultaneously, the left knee spreads away from the right one extremely slowly. Immediately after, he leans a bit into his right. After some time, his right hand moves farther from the right knee. A second later, his left hand moves farther from the left knee. In the meantime, the right hand moves nearer to the left knee, and right after, moves farther from his left knee, and a moment later, it moves nearer to his left knee. After some time, the right hand moves farther from his left knee. Just before, the left knee is straight. From this stance, the left knee bends and speedily and shortly after, extends and rapidly, and a moment later, it bends and briskly. A few seconds earlier, the right knee is bent slightly. With that pose, the right knee bends significantly and quickly and not long after, extends and speedily. A moment later, the right knee bends and rapidly. Shortly beforehand, he leans slightly into his left. A few seconds later, his left knee is almost completely bent and from that pose, the left knee extends significantly. A moment later, his right knee is almost completely bent and then, his right knee extends significantly and a moment later, it bends completely and rapidly. Just moments before, the left knee is a bit bent. Then, the left knee bends significantly and speedily. A few seconds later, it extends completely and speedily. Just before, his right hand gets closer to the left knee. A second later, it moves farther from the left knee. Immediately after, the left foot spreads away from the right one briskly. A second later, it moves nearer to the right one quickly. Meanwhile, the right knee is almost completely bent. From this position, the right knee extends significantly and rapidly. Immediately after, the left hand gets closer to his left knee.