She moves far to the left. Simultaneously, she shifts a great distance towards the front speedily and a moment later, she leans into his right quickly. Shortly beforehand, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee quickly. At the same time, her right knee is partially bent. Then, her right knee bends and quickly and right after, extends and rapidly. At the same time, the left foot moves nearer to the right one very fast and in the meantime, spreads away from the right one. Simultaneously, her right hand gets closer to her right knee briskly. In the meantime, the hands move farther from the knees. Right after, her left hand moves nearer to her left knee. Right after, her right foot moves nearer to the left one. A moment later, her left hand spreads away from the left knee, and shortly after, it moves farther from her right knee. Just moments before, her left leg is located behind the right leg and joined with the right leg, and then, the feet spread apart from one another extremely slowly. At the same time, a person is fully rotated counterclockwise and is lying flat facing right and from that pose, she leans significantly into his left. A second later, her right hand moves nearer to the right knee. Meanwhile, she moves far over to the back speedily, and a moment later, shifts far to the right. Moments prior, her hands move nearer to both knees speedily, and soon after, spread away from the knees briskly. Moments prior, the right hand spreads away from the right knee. Soon after, it spreads away from the right knee quickly. Not too long before, the left hand gets closer to the right knee, and a few seconds later, moves nearer to the left knee rapidly. Just before, her left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast. Meanwhile, both hands get closer to the right knee and right after, spread away from her knees, and after some time, get closer to the knees quickly. Much earlier, the left foot moves nearer to the right one very quickly. Immediately after, it gets closer to the right one speedily. Simultaneously, her left foot spreads away from the right one briskly. Shortly after, the left hand gets closer to her left knee very fast, and right after, it spreads away from her left knee, and a moment later, it moves nearer to the left knee briskly. Just moments before, her left foot gets closer to the right one briskly and a second later, moves farther from the right one extremely fast. Shortly after, it gets closer to the right one rapidly, and a few seconds later, her left foot moves farther from the right one very rapidly. After a while, it moves farther from the right one. A moment earlier, both knees are bent a bit and from this stance, the left knee extends and briskly. Simultaneously, the left hand moves farther from the left knee. A second later, her feet draw to each other gently. A few seconds later, she leans greatly into his right. A second later, the left hand gets closer to the left knee, and simultaneously, it moves farther from her left knee.