She shifts far towards the front. Right after, her right hand gets closer to the right foot very slowly and meanwhile, gets closer to the right ankle extremely slowly. A moment later, she shifts considerably to the left briskly and not long after, she shifts a great distance to the right very rapidly. Not too long before, the right foot moves farther from the left one. Right after, her feet are spread apart and then, her left foot moves nearer to the right one and right after, spreads away from the right one. Meanwhile, she moves to the back, and a few seconds later, moves a great distance to the left very fast. A moment later, she shifts noticeably to the front speedily. At the same time, her right foot is wide apart from the left and from this position, the left foot gets closer to the right one briskly. Not long after, it spreads away from the right one quickly. Right before, she shifts far over to the right extremely fast. In the meantime, she shifts far over towards the back rapidly. Immediately after, her feet draw together. Shortly after, they draw to each other. Just moments before, she shifts far over to the left very quickly. Immediately after, her right hand moves farther from the right foot quickly. Right after, it gets closer to her right foot gradually and a moment later, spreads away from the right foot. Shortly beforehand, she shifts downwards and at the same time, moves considerably to the front speedily and shortly after, shifts a great distance to the right very fast. Just moments before, the left foot moves farther from the right one speedily. A few seconds later, it moves farther from the right one rapidly. Just before, she shifts considerably towards the back briskly. Not long after, her left foot gets closer to the right one and immediately after, it spreads away from the right one rapidly, and not long after, moves farther from the right one quickly. Soon after, her left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily. A moment earlier, she moves considerably towards the front quickly and simultaneously, moves a great distance to the left extremely fast, and a few seconds later, she moves a great distance to the right extremely fast. Shortly after, she moves far over to the back speedily. Just before, the right foot gets closer to the left one. Right after, her right hand moves nearer to the right foot gradually, and shortly after, moves farther from the right foot. In the meantime, she moves a great distance to the left extremely fast, and at the same time, she moves far over towards the front speedily. Immediately after, the left foot spreads away from the right one extremely fast and at the same time, it gets closer to the right one speedily.