The right hand moves farther from her right knee. At the same time, she moves far over to the front. Meanwhile, she leans into his right. Immediately after, the left foot spreads away from the right one rapidly. In the meantime, her right knee is bent a bit. Then, the right knee bends. Right after, it extends significantly. In the meantime, she moves downwards very fast. Meanwhile, the left foot is spread far apart from the right foot and in the right direction and then, her left foot moves farther from the right one very quickly. At the same time, it comes significantly closer to the right one extremely fast. At the same time, her left knee is barely bent and from this stance, her left knee extends. Immediately after, her right foot gets closer to the left one. Immediately after, her right foot spreads away from the left one. A second later, she shifts a great distance towards the back speedily. In the meantime, her feet come to each other slowly. A moment later, they spread apart significantly from one another. Moments prior, the right hand moves nearer to the right knee, and a few seconds later, moves farther from her right knee speedily, and eventually, moves nearer to the right knee. A moment earlier, she moves considerably towards the front, and soon after, she moves downwards very quickly and eventually, she moves to the back. A moment earlier, her right knee is barely bent and with that pose, the right knee bends significantly. A second later, both knees are bent. With that pose, her left knee bends completely and very fast and eventually, it bends significantly. A moment earlier, both feet come significantly together briskly and shortly after, move significantly to each other gradually. Moments prior, her right foot moves significantly away from the left one. Simultaneously, the left knee is at right angle and located behind her right knee, her right knee is almost completely bent and then, her knees extend completely. Shortly after, her right hand moves farther from her right knee. Shortly after, she shifts to the right and not long after, she moves noticeably to the left. A few seconds earlier, both knees are rather bent and from this stance, her right knee bends significantly and very quickly. Right after, it extends. In the meantime, the left knee is rather bent and from this position, her left knee extends significantly. At the same time, her left foot spreads away from the right one rapidly.