She shifts far towards the front rapidly. In the meantime, she leans into his right. Immediately after, her left foot spreads away from the right one very rapidly and right after, it moves nearer to the right one extremely fast. At the same time, her right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle and is ahead of her left knee. With that pose, her right knee extends and very fast. In the meantime, it bends significantly and very quickly. Immediately after, she moves far to the right, and in the meantime, she moves far over to the back. Simultaneously, the right knee is rather bent and then, her right knee extends and briskly. After some time, both feet spread apart. In the meantime, her knees are bent slightly and then, the left knee bends and extremely fast and right after, extends and very rapidly. A second later, it bends completely and briskly, and a few seconds later, her left knee extends and speedily, and after a while, it bends and extremely fast. Eventually, it extends and very rapidly, and after a while, the left knee bends and very quickly and after a while, extends significantly. Significantly earlier, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee. After some time, it moves nearer to her left knee briskly. Shortly beforehand, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily and a second later, it spreads away from the right one extremely fast. In the meantime, the right hand gets closer to the left knee quickly and a moment later, moves nearer to the left knee and soon after, it moves farther from her left knee. Just before, both hands move farther from the left knee. At the same time, the feet are wide apart, and with that pose, the left foot gets closer to the right one extremely fast. A second later, she shifts to the left quickly. A few seconds later, her left foot moves farther from the right one and shortly after, gets closer to the right one quickly. Moments prior, she moves far over to the right briskly, and not long after, she shifts far over to the left rapidly. Soon after, she shifts far over towards the front and after a while, she moves to the right. A moment earlier, her left hand spreads away from the left knee extremely fast. Shortly after, the left knee is barely bent, and from this stance, her left knee bends completely. Soon after, she shifts significantly to the back extremely fast. Right after, her left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast.