He moves far towards the front briskly and meanwhile, leans slightly into his left. Immediately after, he shifts considerably upwards and a moment later, he moves far to the right rapidly. In the second right before, both knees are fully bent, and from this stance, both knees extend significantly, and not long after, extend significantly. A few seconds earlier, both hands move farther from his feet. Meanwhile, they spread away from both ankles. In the meantime, the right hand spreads away from the right leg speedily, and at the same time, it spreads away from the left ankle. In the meantime, it moves farther from the left foot and in the meantime, his right hand spreads significantly apart from the right foot. Right after, the left hand moves farther from his left knee very rapidly. Meanwhile, the right knee is nearly bent. It is lower than the left knee, and from this stance, his right knee bends significantly and quickly. In the meantime, his left knee moves farther from the right one quickly, and at the same time, it moves nearer to the right one quickly. Right after, the left knee is barely bent, and then, the left knee bends and briskly and simultaneously, moves farther from the right one speedily. Meanwhile, his left knee gets closer to the right one quickly. Right after, his right knee is straight and then, his right knee extends. Meanwhile, it bends completely and very rapidly. Right after, it bends completely and very quickly. Right before, the left knee moves nearer to the right one rapidly and in the meantime, it moves farther from the right one briskly. Immediately after, it moves nearer to the right one quickly. At the same time, the left knee and his right knee are barely bent and then, the left knee extends significantly. Meanwhile, his left knee and his right knee are slightly bent. From this position, the left knee spreads away from the right one very rapidly, and in the meantime, it bends significantly and very fast. A second later, his right knee is partly bent. Then, his right knee extends and very rapidly.