His right knee is unbent. From this stance, the right knee bends, and a moment later, it extends. Moments prior, he leans into his right just a little bit. In the meantime, the right hand moves nearer to his right leg quickly. At the same time, he shifts far over to the front, and in the meantime, moves far over to the left very rapidly, and meanwhile, moves downwards quickly. A second later, he moves considerably to the right rapidly. Simultaneously, the left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle and with that pose, the left knee extends, and shortly after, it bends. Eventually, his left knee extends. Shortly beforehand, his right hand moves farther from his right foot. Simultaneously, his left foot is pointing right. It is further up than the left hip and is spread far apart from his right foot. It is to the front, and from this position, his left foot gets closer to the right one quickly and eventually, it moves nearer to the right one extremely fast. A moment earlier, someone is leaning to the right and is angled towards the left and from that pose, he shifts upwards, and immediately after, moves far towards the back speedily. Immediately after, he leans slightly into his left. Right before, the right foot moves farther from the left one. In the meantime, his left hand moves nearer to his left knee, and a moment later, it moves farther from his left knee. Eventually, it moves nearer to his left knee. Shortly beforehand, the right hand moves farther from his right knee quickly. Right after, he shifts far to the left quickly, and a moment later, he moves downwards briskly and shortly after, shifts noticeably to the front. Shortly after, he moves far over to the right rapidly. Soon after, he leans into his right. Not too long before, the right hand moves nearer to the right leg. At the same time, his right hand moves nearer to his right foot very rapidly. Immediately after, the right hand spreads away from the right ankle. Meanwhile, it moves farther from his right foot and at the same time, it gets closer to the left knee and after some time, the right hand moves nearer to his right leg. Eventually, it moves farther from his left knee. A moment earlier, both hands move nearer to both knees. Meanwhile, they spread away from his left knee, and right after, they spread away from his right knee. After a while, both hands move nearer to the left knee. Moments prior, the left foot moves farther from the right one very rapidly and a moment later, it gets closer to the right one very rapidly. Just moments before, he shifts a great distance to the back very fast, and a moment later, moves downwards briskly and a moment later, moves far over to the left. A few seconds earlier, the left hand spreads away from his left knee. A few seconds later, his right knee is straight. With that pose, the right knee bends, and shortly after, extends. In the second right before, his right hand moves farther from the right foot. Meanwhile, the subject is lying flat facing right, inclined forward, bent on their right side and with that pose, he leans into his left. Immediately after, the body is leaning forwards and inclined to the right, and from that pose, he shifts a great distance towards the front, and soon after, leans into his right. After some time, he shifts a great distance to the right quickly. Much earlier, his left hand moves nearer to his right knee. In the meantime, his left hand moves farther from his right knee very slowly. After some time, both hands spread away from both knees quickly. Not long after, his right foot spreads away from the left one.