She leans into his right. Meanwhile, she moves significantly towards the front. Meanwhile, both legs are close. From that pose, the right foot moves significantly away from the left one briskly. Right after, her right foot is in front and wide apart from the left foot and from that pose, the left foot moves nearer to the right one extremely fast. Shortly after, her left foot spreads away from the right one, and immediately after, gets closer to the right one rapidly. A second later, her left hand spreads away from her left knee. In the meantime,, fully rotated counterclockwise. It is stretched out to the right, and with that pose, she leans into his left and a moment later, moves noticeably to the left. In the meantime, her left hand comes significantly closer to her left knee slowly, and shortly after, spreads away from her left knee slowly. Not too long before, she moves significantly to the back, and a few seconds later, shifts significantly to the front. Right before, her left foot spreads away from the right one briskly. At the same time, her left knee is partially bent, and then, her left knee extends and briskly. Right after, her right foot is in front of her left foot and wide apart from the left foot and from this stance, the left foot draws significantly near to the right one. Not long after, it moves significantly away from the right one quickly. Soon after, the left foot comes significantly closer to the right one briskly. Just moments before, both legs are joined. From this position, the right foot moves significantly away from the left one speedily. Immediately after, it draws significantly near to the left one briskly. Right after, both legs are together. From this position, the left knee spreads away from the right one and immediately after, moves nearer to the right one. Immediately after, she moves to the left and not long after, shifts downwards extremely fast. In the second right before, the left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one, and shortly after, it draws significantly near to the right one quickly. Shortly after, it spreads away from the right one quickly.