She leans into his left. A second later, she moves a great distance towards the back. In the second right before, both hands spread away from the right knee. Meanwhile, her right knee is rather bent. From this stance, the right knee bends significantly and very rapidly. Right after, it extends completely, and soon after, it bends completely and very rapidly. Just before, the right knee moves nearer to the left one and after some time, it moves nearer to the left one. A moment earlier, her right knee is close to the left knee and is bent. With that pose, the knees move away from each other leisurely. Right after, she moves a great distance to the left briskly. Shortly after, her right knee is bent sharply. With that pose, her right knee bends completely and very rapidly, and simultaneously, it extends significantly and very quickly. A second later, the right knee extends, and soon after, it bends significantly and eventually, it extends significantly and extremely fast. A moment earlier, and is inclined to their left. It is stretched out to the left. From this stance, she moves far over to the right speedily and immediately after, leans significantly into his right. Shortly after, her right hand moves nearer to the right knee, and a few seconds later, spreads away from the right knee. A few seconds earlier, she shifts a great distance to the left very fast, and shortly after, moves far to the right. Just moments before, her left knee is nearly bent, and with that pose, the left knee moves farther from the right one rapidly. Shortly after, it bends significantly and very quickly. A moment earlier, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee at a slow pace, and a moment later, gets closer to the left ankle briskly. Shortly beforehand, her right knee is rather bent, and then, the right knee bends significantly and very fast. Right after, her right knee is in front of the left knee and bent. From this stance, her right knee moves nearer to the left one steadily and at the same time, it extends completely and very slowly. Shortly after, she moves far to the front, and not long after, leans into his left just a little. Eventually, she moves far to the back speedily. Just before, the left knee is unbent, and from that pose, her left knee moves farther from the right one. Immediately after, it extends completely and extremely fast. Right after, the left knee bends significantly and speedily. In the meantime, her left hand moves farther from the left ankle briskly. Right after, it spreads away from the left knee and a moment later, it moves nearer to the left leg quickly. Soon after, her left hand spreads away from the left ankle rapidly and soon after, it spreads away from her left knee briskly. Just before, her right hand gets closer to the right knee very slowly. In the meantime, her left knee is bent at 90 degrees. From this position, the left knee extends significantly, and a few seconds later, bends completely and extremely fast. Right after, her left knee is fully bent. From that pose, the left knee extends and very fast. At the same time, it bends significantly and very quickly and immediately after, her left knee extends. Immediately after, the left hand gets closer to her left knee.