The left hand moves farther from his left knee. In the meantime, he moves far over to the right and at the same time, shifts significantly towards the front. In the meantime, he leans into his right, and soon after, he leans significantly into his left. Just before, his right knee is straight, and with that pose, his right knee bends significantly. Shortly after, both knees are bent slightly, and from that pose, his left knee bends. A few seconds later, it extends completely and a moment later, it bends. In the second right before, his right hand gets closer to the right knee. After a while, it spreads away from his right knee. Eventually, it moves farther from the left knee. Just before, he moves far over towards the back, and eventually, shifts far to the left. Just before, his right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle. It is in front of the left knee and from that pose, his right knee extends completely and quickly. A moment later, it bends. In the second right before, both hands move nearer to the left knee. Soon after, a person is face to the left on the ground, and then, he moves a great distance to the front speedily and simultaneously, he moves downwards. At the same time, he leans slightly into his right. Right after, the left hand spreads away from the left knee quickly, and shortly after, it comes significantly closer to the left knee extremely slowly. In the second right before, the right knee is partly bent, and from this stance, his right knee bends. At the same time, it extends. Simultaneously, his right hand gets closer to the right knee. Shortly after, it moves farther from the right knee. In the second right before, his left hand moves nearer to the left foot. Shortly after, it moves farther from the left ankle. A few seconds earlier, his left hand moves nearer to his left ankle. A second later, he shifts far over to the right. Immediately after, the left hand spreads away from the left foot. In the meantime, he shifts upwards, and simultaneously, he shifts far over to the front briskly, and a few seconds later, he shifts downwards. Moments prior, his knees are bent at 90 degrees. From that pose, both knees extend and shortly after, they bend. Simultaneously, he leans slightly into his left. Right after, his right hand moves nearer to the right foot, and at the same time, it moves nearer to his left leg and meanwhile, moves nearer to his right ankle. In the meantime, his right hand comes significantly closer to his right knee. A few seconds later, his right hand moves farther from his left foot. A second later, both hands are next to the knees, and from this stance, the left hand moves farther from the left knee. At the same time, both hands are near both knees. Then, his right hand spreads away from his right leg. In the meantime, it spreads away from his right foot.