She shifts noticeably downwards very fast and a moment later, shifts downwards extremely fast. A few seconds earlier, her knees are a bit bent, and from this position, both knees bend completely and rapidly. Right after, both knees are fully bent, and from this position, her right knee extends completely and speedily and a second later, it bends significantly and rapidly. In the second right before, her hands spread away from the knees. A second later, the left foot spreads away from the right one speedily. Immediately after, she shifts far over to the back and soon after, she shifts considerably to the right. Just before, the left knee is bent sharply and with that pose, the left knee extends completely and very quickly. Meanwhile, the feet are spread far apart, and with that pose, the left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly, and simultaneously, it moves farther from the right one very rapidly. Right after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly and a second later, it spreads away from the right one very rapidly. In the meantime, her left knee is straight and from that pose, her left knee bends significantly and very rapidly. Not long after, it extends significantly and quickly. A moment later, the left knee bends completely and very rapidly and shortly after, it extends significantly and briskly, and shortly after, bends significantly and very fast. Eventually, the left knee extends completely and quickly. Much earlier, the right knee is fully bent. From this position, the right knee extends significantly and speedily. Right after, her right foot is spread far apart from her left foot and located in front of the left foot and to the front, and from that pose, the right foot moves nearer to the left one. A moment later, it moves nearer to the left one. A moment earlier, her right knee is nearly bent. From this position, her right knee bends significantly and briskly. Immediately after, the left foot moves farther from the right one briskly. Immediately after, it moves nearer to the right one very quickly. Right after, it moves farther from the right one extremely fast. At the same time, her right knee is bent to the max, and from this position, the right knee extends significantly and very rapidly, and immediately after, it bends significantly and quickly. A few seconds later, the right knee extends completely and rapidly. A moment later, it bends significantly and briskly. Moments prior, her right foot is in front, spread far apart from the left foot. From this stance, the left foot gets closer to the right one speedily, and at the same time, it spreads away from the right one quickly. Immediately after, her left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Shortly after, it moves farther from the right one rapidly. Right after, her left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast and right after, gets closer to the right one quickly. At the same time, she moves far upwards. In the meantime, the left knee is bent a bit with her right knee bent sharply. From that pose, the knees extend completely. At the same time, her left knee is barely bent. From this stance, her left knee bends completely and very quickly. Right after, the hands move nearer to both knees briskly.