The right hand spreads away from the right knee and a moment later, it moves nearer to his right knee. Shortly beforehand, he shifts far over to the right. In the meantime, both knees are straight and from that pose, his left knee bends. Shortly after, it extends. Just moments before, he shifts far to the front briskly. A second later, the left hand moves farther from his left knee. Simultaneously, the feet spread apart, and not long after, they move significantly to each other. A few seconds earlier, he leans into his right. Immediately after, the human is inclined to their left, lying flat facing right and about-face turned counterclockwise. It is angled forwards and then, he leans significantly into his left, and a moment later, shifts upwards, and eventually, he moves far over to the back rapidly. Just before, both knees are unbent and then, the left knee bends and quickly, and not long after, it extends. Right before, the right knee is bent at 90 degrees. Then, the right knee extends and after a while, bends and speedily. Much earlier, the right hand moves farther from the right knee speedily. Soon after, his hands get closer to the knees quickly and right after, they spread away from both knees. In the meantime, the knees are partially bent. From that pose, his left knee extends, and at the same time, it bends and rapidly, and a moment later, bends significantly and quickly. Not too long before, he shifts downwards very fast. Not long after, both knees are bent a bit, and then, his left knee extends and briskly. In the meantime, his left hand draws significantly near to his left knee very quickly and a second later, it draws significantly near to his left knee very quickly. Right before, his right hand gets closer to the right knee very fast. Simultaneously, he moves downwards very rapidly, and simultaneously, he moves noticeably upwards rapidly. At the same time, he moves considerably towards the front. Right after, his knees are bent at near a 90 degree angle, and with that pose, both knees bend and very quickly, and right after, extend completely. Right before, his hands are behind their back and are near to his knees, and then, his left hand moves farther from the left leg extremely fast. Not long after, it moves significantly away from the left knee. A few seconds earlier, both hands are behind the back, near to his knees and then, his right hand moves nearer to the right knee quickly. Meanwhile, both hands are stretched backwards, near to both knees, and with that pose, the right hand spreads away from his right knee very quickly. A second later, both hands move farther from both feet, and at the same time, get closer to both feet extremely fast. In the meantime, he moves downwards very quickly. Right after, he shifts far to the back. Not long after, he shifts significantly downwards speedily. A few seconds later, he shifts upwards. Moments prior, his right hand moves significantly away from his right knee, and shortly after, moves nearer to the right foot speedily. Moments prior, both hands get closer to his ankles very quickly. Meanwhile, they spread away from his ankles. Simultaneously, both feet spread apart significantly. At the same time, both hands get closer to both ankles very quickly. In the meantime, both hands get closer to the feet very rapidly and right after, they spread away from both ankles. At the same time, the hands spread away from the feet. Immediately after, the hands draw significantly near to his knees and shortly after, get closer to his ankles, and shortly after, they move farther from both ankles. Just moments before, the knees are unbent. Then, both knees bend. Right after, both feet are in front and spread far apart. Then, his right foot draws significantly near to the left one steadily. A second later, the hands move nearer to his feet, and soon after, they spread away from his knees very quickly. Just before, his body is bent on their right side and face to the left on the ground, bent backwards, about-face turned counterclockwise. From this position, he shifts considerably to the left very rapidly, and right after, leans markedly into his right and shortly after, he moves downwards extremely fast. Just moments before, both hands move farther from the feet. At the same time, the right hand gets closer to the left ankle very rapidly. At the same time, it moves significantly away from the right knee. Not long after, it moves nearer to the right knee extremely fast. Just moments before, the left hand spreads away from his right foot and at the same time, spreads significantly apart from his left knee. Simultaneously, his left hand spreads away from his left ankle, and shortly after, comes significantly closer to his left knee very quickly. Right before, he shifts towards the front speedily. A second later, he shifts far over towards the back speedily, and right after, he shifts upwards very fast. At the same time, the knees are bent at right angle, and from this position, his right knee bends and very fast, and a second later, it extends completely and speedily. Simultaneously, he moves downwards very fast. Simultaneously, his left foot is beside the right foot, and with that pose, the feet spread apart. At the same time, the knees are bent at right angle. From this stance, his left knee extends and quickly. Right after, his left hand moves nearer to his left knee quickly. In the meantime, both knees are straight. Then, both knees bend and rapidly.