He leans slightly into his right, and right after, he moves downwards. Simultaneously, the left hand draws significantly near to his left foot slowly. Meanwhile, both knees are straight, and from that pose, his knees bend completely. At the same time, his left hand comes significantly closer to his right ankle. A moment later, it moves nearer to the right foot. In the second right before, he moves far to the right rapidly. In the meantime, the right hand moves nearer to the left foot. A second later, his right hand spreads away from the left foot, and a second later, moves nearer to the left foot, and shortly after, moves farther from the left leg. Shortly after, the right hand gets closer to his left leg. Shortly beforehand, a person is inclined to their left side. It is inclined to the right and from this position, he leans a bit into his left and a few seconds later, shifts far over to the left very quickly. Moments prior, his left hand spreads significantly apart from his right ankle at a slow pace, and a moment later, spreads away from the right foot. Soon after, it spreads away from his right knee briskly. A moment later, his left hand moves nearer to his right knee. Moments prior, he leans into his right. Meanwhile, his knees are forming an l shape. From this stance, his right knee extends completely and very slowly. Not long after, his left hand moves farther from the left foot and a second later, it gets closer to the right ankle rapidly. At the same time, the right hand moves farther from the left knee, and simultaneously, it spreads away from the left foot. Meanwhile, his right hand gets closer to his left knee. Right after, it moves nearer to the left foot briskly. Right before, both hands get closer to both feet. A second later,, stretched out to the right, bent to their right side, and from that pose, he leans into his left. Not long after, he leans into his right and not long after, he moves far to the right briskly, and after some time, he moves upwards speedily. After a while, he leans into his left. Significantly earlier, the left hand spreads away from his right foot briskly and a second later, moves nearer to his right foot, and a moment later, spreads away from his right foot. After a while, the left hand moves farther from the right foot. Just before, his left hand spreads significantly apart from the left foot steadily. At the same time, it spreads away from the right ankle quickly. Right after, his left hand moves nearer to his right ankle. Meanwhile, the right foot spreads away from the left one. Right after, the left hand spreads away from the right ankle and a second later, it moves farther from his right knee and not long after, gets closer to his right leg. A few seconds later, the left hand draws significantly near to his right ankle. Not too long before, the left foot moves nearer to the right one. Shortly after, the right hand moves farther from his left foot and immediately after, it gets closer to his left foot briskly. A few seconds later, it moves farther from the left foot. Just moments before, his left hand moves significantly away from his right ankle. At the same time, both knees are bent and from this position, the left knee extends completely.