He moves considerably towards the back. In the meantime, he shifts noticeably to the left. A few seconds later, he shifts far over towards the front speedily. In the second right before, his left knee is a bit bent. With that pose, his left knee bends completely. Right after, he leans significantly into his left. Not long after, he shifts to the right. Immediately after, he moves far downwards. A few seconds later, he moves far to the left. A moment later, he shifts a great distance towards the back and eventually, he moves a great distance upwards very quickly. Shortly beforehand, both knees are partly bent. From this stance, the right knee bends and a second later, bends and speedily. Meanwhile, the left hand gets closer to the right leg. At the same time, it comes significantly closer to the left knee gradually, and a second later, gets closer to the left ankle. A few seconds later, his left hand spreads away from the left ankle at a slow pace. Soon after, it spreads away from the right foot. Shortly after, it moves farther from the right knee. A moment earlier, his right hand moves nearer to his right leg leisurely, and a moment later, moves farther from the right ankle. A moment earlier, the hands move nearer to both feet. Soon after, they spread significantly apart from the knees. In the second right before, both knees are completely bent. From this stance, both knees extend significantly. Immediately after, his hands move farther from the feet. Immediately after, the subject is inclined to the left side, stretched out to the left and from that pose, he leans into his right. Shortly after, the right knee is straight and from this position, his right knee bends significantly. A moment later, he shifts a great distance towards the front briskly, and simultaneously, he leans into his left. Right after, the knees are a bit bent and from this stance, his left knee bends. Shortly after, he moves downwards rapidly. A second later, his left hand moves nearer to his left knee.