His right leg is near to the left leg and with that pose, his right foot moves significantly away from the left one, and after a while, draws significantly near to the left one steadily. Just before, he shifts far over to the front. In the meantime, his right leg is close to the other, and with that pose, both knees spread apart from each other. A few seconds later, both knees are barely bent. From this stance, the right knee bends and very fast. Simultaneously, it extends and extremely fast. In the meantime, both knees are slightly bent. From this stance, his right knee bends completely and very fast, and immediately after, it extends. Just before, the right hand moves farther from the right ankle. At the same time, both hands get closer to the right ankle briskly. Immediately after, his left hand moves farther from the right foot speedily and eventually, moves farther from the left knee. A moment earlier, the left foot is wide apart from the right foot and from that pose, his feet move apart from each other. Simultaneously, the left foot is wide apart from the right. From this stance, the left foot gets closer to the right one very fast. Meanwhile, the left hand gets closer to his right foot very quickly. Simultaneously, it spreads away from the right ankle. Right after, his left knee is bent a bit, and from that pose, his left knee bends. Meanwhile, he leans significantly into his left, and immediately after, shifts considerably to the right, and a few seconds later, leans markedly into his right. Just before, his knees draw together steadily and eventually, spread apart very slowly. Moments prior, the left hand gets closer to his left knee and a few seconds later, it spreads away from the left knee and a moment later, it gets closer to his left knee. Soon after, the left hand spreads away from the left knee. Immediately after, the left hand gets closer to the left knee. A second later, it moves farther from his left knee. Immediately after, his right foot spreads significantly apart from the left one. A second later, the left hand gets closer to the left knee. Simultaneously, he shifts far over to the left quickly. Immediately after, his left hand moves nearer to his right ankle. Right after, it moves farther from his right ankle briskly. Right before, the right knee is a bit bent. From this position, the right knee bends and very fast. Immediately after, it bends and very rapidly. Right after, the right knee extends and rapidly. Simultaneously, his right foot is wide apart from the left and with that pose, his left foot and the left hand move farther from the right one rapidly. Meanwhile, they move nearer to the right one.