He moves far over to the front speedily. Not long after, he shifts a great distance to the left. Just before, his left hand spreads away from the left knee. Right after, it gets closer to his left knee. At the same time, his left knee is unbent. Then, his left knee bends and very rapidly and in the meantime, it extends and rapidly and a moment later, it bends and briskly. Not long after, the left knee extends significantly and speedily. Not too long before, the right hand spreads away from his right knee. Right after, his right knee is unbent, and from that pose, the right knee bends significantly and quickly. At the same time, his right hand gets closer to the right knee speedily, and eventually, it moves farther from his right knee very rapidly. Shortly beforehand, his right knee is almost completely bent, and with that pose, the right knee extends significantly and briskly and a few seconds later, it bends completely and quickly. A moment later, his right knee moves farther from the left one. Not too long before, his left hand moves farther from the left knee speedily and right after, it gets closer to his left knee extremely fast. Meanwhile, both hands move farther from both knees. Right after, the hands move nearer to the knees and a moment later, they spread away from both knees extremely fast and a moment later, they get closer to both knees rapidly. Soon after, his hands get closer to his knees rapidly and shortly after, move farther from both knees rapidly, and eventually, they get closer to both knees speedily. Shortly beforehand, both hands spread away from the left knee extremely fast. Right after, the right knee is almost completely bent and from this stance, the right knee extends completely and briskly, and simultaneously, it gets closer to the left one. Shortly after, the right knee bends completely and briskly. Shortly after, it spreads away from the left one. A few seconds earlier, his left hand moves nearer to the left knee quickly. A few seconds later, it spreads away from his left knee briskly. Right before, his left knee is partly bent. With that pose, the left knee moves farther from the right one, and meanwhile, extends significantly and rapidly and in the meantime, the left knee bends and briskly. A second later, the knees come to each other. In the meantime, his right hand gets closer to the left knee. A second later, the right knee is bent. From this position, his right knee extends completely and extremely fast. Meanwhile, the left knee gets closer to the right one. Right after, his left knee is barely bent. From that pose, the left knee bends significantly and very fast. Eventually, it bends completely and quickly. Shortly beforehand, his left knee is nearly bent and from that pose, the left knee extends significantly and rapidly. A second later, he leans significantly into his left. Meanwhile, the right knee is located behind the left knee, unbent, and from this stance, his right knee bends significantly and rapidly, and a second later, it extends completely and speedily. Shortly after, the right knee bends significantly and extremely fast. Moments prior, the human is fully rotated clockwise and stretched out to the left and with that pose, he leans into his right and a few seconds later, he moves far over to the right. Just before, both hands spread away from the knees extremely fast. Meanwhile, both knees are right next to each other, straight and with that pose, the right knee extends significantly and extremely fast, and immediately after, it gets closer to the left one. A few seconds later, his right knee bends significantly and very rapidly, and soon after, it extends completely and quickly. After a while, it bends significantly and extremely fast, and after a while, the right knee moves farther from the left one. Shortly beforehand, his knees are together, unbent, and then, his right knee spreads away from the left one. Immediately after, both hands get closer to both knees quickly and soon after, spread away from the knees. A moment earlier, the right hand spreads away from the left knee. Immediately after, the right hand moves farther from the right knee rapidly and a second later, moves nearer to his right knee briskly. In the second right before, the left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle, and with that pose, the left knee extends completely and speedily, and a moment later, it bends completely and quickly. Just moments before, his knees spread apart and a moment later, they come to each other. Just before, his left hand moves farther from the left knee briskly and right after, it gets closer to his left knee quickly. A second later, his left knee is partly bent and with that pose, his left knee extends significantly and quickly. In the meantime, his left hand gets closer to the left knee. Right after, it moves farther from his left knee very quickly. Meanwhile, the hands move nearer to both knees very quickly. Right after, his right knee is rather bent, and from that pose, his right knee extends and very fast.