Both knees are straight and then, the knees bend. Right after, both knees are at right angle and with that pose, the knees extend. A moment later, they bend and briskly. Moments prior, he moves a great distance towards the front. A second later, he shifts downwards extremely fast. Not long after, he shifts downwards quickly, and a moment later, he moves upwards very quickly, and shortly after, he shifts downwards very quickly. After a while, he shifts downwards. Much earlier, he moves upwards very fast. Not long after, his left hand gets closer to the left foot. Immediately after, the knees are partially bent, and then, his knees extend and briskly. Meanwhile, the left hand spreads away from his left foot and soon after, it gets closer to the left ankle and a moment later, it spreads away from his left ankle quickly. In the second right before, the right knee is unbent, and from this stance, the right knee bends. Immediately after, the hands move nearer to both feet. Right after, they spread away from his feet very rapidly. In the second right before, he shifts upwards very fast. Simultaneously, the left knee and his right knee are bent a bit. With that pose, his left knee bends and briskly. Immediately after, both knees are bent at 90 degrees, next to each other. From that pose, his right knee extends. Immediately after, it bends and extremely fast, and shortly after, the right knee bends. A moment earlier, he shifts downwards very fast and a moment later, he moves far over to the back and shortly after, shifts to the left. A few seconds earlier, his right knee and the left knee are bent at near a 90 degree angle. From this stance, his left knee extends. Immediately after, it bends and briskly. Immediately after, the right hand moves farther from the right knee. Immediately after, it gets closer to the right knee. In the second right before, he moves upwards extremely fast. A second later, he moves downwards very rapidly. In the second right before, his knees are bent at right angle, and from this stance, both knees extend and very rapidly. After a while, they extend and rapidly. Just moments before, he moves downwards. Not long after, he moves far to the right quickly. Just before, both knees are a bit bent and then, his left knee bends. Immediately after, he shifts upwards very rapidly. A second later, he shifts downwards very rapidly, and a few seconds later, shifts far to the left very quickly.