She shifts a great distance to the front, and shortly after, shifts a great distance to the left. Just before, her knees are unbent, and with that pose, her right knee bends significantly. Shortly after, it extends significantly. A moment earlier, her hands get closer to her knees, and immediately after, they spread away from both knees. Immediately after, her left knee is straight and from this stance, her left knee bends and quickly, and at the same time, extends. A few seconds later, her left foot moves farther from the right one very quickly and in the meantime, it gets closer to the right one rapidly. Shortly after, it spreads away from the right one quickly. In the second right before, the left knee is barely bent. From this position, the left knee extends significantly, and meanwhile, bends significantly and very rapidly. Right after, she leans significantly into his left, and shortly after, shifts noticeably to the back. Right before, her right knee is bent a bit, and from that pose, her right knee bends completely and speedily, and right after, it extends and quickly. After some time, the right knee extends. Shortly beforehand, the left foot gets closer to the right one quickly, and a second later, moves farther from the right one speedily, and not long after, it gets closer to the right one very fast. Immediately after, her left hand moves farther from her left knee and at the same time, it gets closer to her left knee. A second later, she moves far towards the front and eventually, shifts far over to the right quickly, and eventually, she moves a great distance to the back very quickly. Just before, the hands move nearer to both knees and at the same time, they move farther from her knees, and after a while, move nearer to the knees speedily. After a while, her hands spread away from her knees. Significantly earlier, the left knee is unbent and with that pose, her left knee bends and a moment later, extends. In the meantime, the left foot spreads away from the right one very quickly and a few seconds later, it moves nearer to the right one. Shortly after, it moves farther from the right one briskly. Soon after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily and eventually, it moves nearer to the right one speedily. Shortly beforehand, the right knee is bent slightly. From this stance, the right knee bends completely and extremely fast and right after, extends completely. Right after, her right foot gets closer to the left one and in the meantime, moves farther from the left one. Shortly after, the right foot moves farther from the left one and a moment later, it moves farther from the left one. In the second right before, her hands move nearer to her knees. Right after, they move farther from the knees. Immediately after, her left foot moves nearer to the right one quickly.