She leans into his left and shortly after, she shifts to the back. Shortly beforehand, the feet are spread apart and from this stance, the left foot gets closer to the right one speedily. Shortly after, it moves farther from the right one very rapidly. Not too long before, her right knee moves nearer to the left one and shortly after, gets closer to the left one and after a while, gets closer to the left one. A moment earlier, her right hand moves nearer to her right foot, and right after, moves farther from the right foot briskly. Right before, her left knee spreads away from the right one very quickly, and shortly after, it moves farther from the right one speedily. A moment earlier, her right hand gets closer to her right ankle quickly. Simultaneously, her right knee is barely bent and with that pose, the right knee bends completely and very quickly. Right after, her right hand spreads away from her right ankle rapidly, and shortly after, it gets closer to her right ankle and shortly after, spreads away from her right ankle speedily. After a while, the right hand moves nearer to the right ankle. Significantly earlier, the right knee is bent sharply, and then, the right knee extends completely and a moment later, it bends completely and very quickly. Soon after, it extends and speedily. Just before, the left hand spreads away from the right knee. Immediately after, both feet are wide apart, and from that pose, her right foot draws significantly near to the left one. Shortly after, it gets closer to the left one. Shortly beforehand, the left hand gets closer to her right knee gently and a moment later, it spreads away from the right knee very rapidly. A few seconds earlier, the right foot is near the left. From that pose, the feet move significantly apart. Soon after, her left hand moves nearer to her right knee, and shortly after, moves farther from her right knee very rapidly. Right before, her right knee is unbent and from that pose, the right knee bends significantly and very quickly. Immediately after, it extends and very rapidly. A moment later, her right knee bends and extremely fast. Just before, the right hand spreads away from her right ankle and after some time, it moves nearer to her left ankle. Much earlier, both knees are close, and from that pose, the left leg moves farther from the right one speedily. A second later, the left hand moves nearer to her right knee and a second later, moves farther from her right knee extremely slowly. In the second right before, the left foot is spread far apart from the right foot. With that pose, the right leg gets closer to the left one. A second later, her right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle, and from that pose, her right knee extends. A moment later, her knees are a bit bent and then, the left knee bends completely and briskly. Meanwhile, both knees are a bit bent, and from this position, her left knee extends significantly and speedily. Meanwhile, it moves farther from the right one. At the same time, her left hand gets closer to the left ankle and a moment later, it moves nearer to the right knee. Soon after, it gets closer to the left ankle. Shortly beforehand, her hands spread away from the left ankle. Right after, her left knee moves nearer to the right one, and a moment later, it moves farther from the right one rapidly. Moments prior, her left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast. Immediately after, her left foot moves nearer to the right one briskly and a moment later, moves farther from the right one very quickly. Just moments before, she shifts towards the front. Right after, the left hand gets closer to her left foot. Meanwhile, her left knee is straight, and from this stance, her left knee bends significantly and very fast, and immediately after, it extends significantly and rapidly. Immediately after, it bends. In the meantime, the left hand moves farther from her left ankle. In the meantime, her left hand moves farther from her right knee, and at the same time, spreads away from her left foot. A second later, her right foot is wide apart from the other and from that pose, the left foot gets closer to the right one very fast.