She leans into his left just a little. Right after, both knees are bent slightly and from that pose, her right knee bends and briskly. A second later, her left knee is straight and with that pose, her left knee bends. Immediately after, the right knee is forming an l shape. From this position, the right knee extends significantly and quickly and a second later, bends completely, and after a while, the right knee extends completely. After a while, it bends. Much earlier, she moves far to the left speedily and soon after, moves far over to the right briskly, and soon after, she moves towards the front. After a while, she moves far to the left very fast. Much earlier, her left foot spreads away from the right one quickly. A moment later, both feet are spread apart, and from this position, the left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one. At the same time, it draws significantly near to the right one speedily. A few seconds later, her right hand moves nearer to the right ankle. Immediately after, the left hand moves nearer to her right ankle. Immediately after, her hands spread away from her right ankle, and eventually, get closer to her right ankle rapidly, and eventually, they spread away from the right ankle. Much earlier, her right foot moves nearer to the left one. Right after, her left knee is behind the right knee and a bit bent. From that pose, her left knee bends completely. In the meantime, her left foot moves farther from the right one very fast. Shortly after, it gets closer to the right one quickly. In the second right before, she shifts towards the back. Shortly after, she moves downwards quickly. A second later, she shifts far over to the right speedily and soon after, she moves a great distance to the left rapidly, and shortly after, she shifts to the back. Shortly beforehand, her left knee is almost completely bent and from this position, her left knee extends and speedily, and a few seconds later, it bends significantly. Moments prior, the left foot spreads away from the right one and a moment later, gets closer to the right one. Moments prior, the right knee is rather bent. From this position, the right knee bends and briskly, and right after, it extends significantly and very quickly. Right before, her right foot is wide apart from the other. From that pose, the right foot moves nearer to the left one and right after, spreads away from the left one. Simultaneously, the right hand moves nearer to her left ankle. Immediately after, her left hand gets closer to the left ankle. At the same time, her right knee is unbent. From this stance, the right knee bends. A moment later, it extends. A few seconds earlier, she shifts downwards briskly. At the same time, the left knee is bent, and from that pose, the left knee extends completely and very quickly. In the meantime, her hands move farther from the left ankle. Meanwhile, she leans into his right just a little bit. Shortly after, she moves far over to the right briskly. Simultaneously, she leans a bit into his left. A few seconds later, she shifts towards the front speedily.