The right knee is straight and then, his right knee bends completely. Simultaneously, his right hand moves nearer to his right foot. In the meantime, his left hand comes significantly closer to his left knee gradually. Meanwhile, it gets closer to his right leg. Simultaneously, he leans into his left. A second later, he moves far downwards quickly. Not long after, he shifts a great distance to the left. Right before, the left hand moves nearer to his right foot. In the meantime, his left knee is bent slightly, and with that pose, his left knee bends completely. A moment later, it extends. Just moments before, he shifts far towards the front. At the same time, the left hand spreads away from his right ankle slowly. A few seconds later, it moves farther from his left knee. A few seconds earlier, both hands move farther from the right foot at a slow pace. A moment later, the knees are almost completely bent, and from this position, his right knee extends. Immediately after, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee, and a few seconds later, it spreads away from the left knee. Shortly after, he moves considerably upwards. Immediately after, the left hand moves nearer to his left leg. A few seconds later, someone is bent over and bent on the right and stretched out to the left and from this position, he leans significantly into his right. Not long after, he shifts to the right rapidly. A few seconds earlier, his hands get closer to his right foot. At the same time, his right foot spreads away from the left one leisurely. At the same time, his left hand moves nearer to the right ankle. Not long after, it spreads away from the right ankle. In the second right before, his right hand moves farther from his right foot gradually. Immediately after, his knees are bent and from this position, the right knee extends significantly. Simultaneously, the left hand spreads away from the right foot. At the same time, both knees are rather bent and with that pose, his left knee extends.