She leans into his right and at the same time, moves a great distance towards the front very rapidly. In the meantime, both knees are bent a bit, and then, the right knee bends and immediately after, it extends completely. Soon after, it bends. Just before, both feet are spread far apart, and then, her left foot gets closer to the right one, and not long after, moves nearer to the right one. Just before, she shifts downwards rapidly, and immediately after, she moves a great distance to the right quickly. Right before, the right foot moves farther from the left one. Right after, both hands get closer to her knees very rapidly and not long after, move nearer to both knees speedily. Moments prior, both hands spread away from both knees briskly. A second later, the left knee is bent at 90 degrees. From that pose, the left knee extends. Meanwhile, she moves downwards quickly. Right after, her left hand moves farther from the right knee, and a moment later, it moves nearer to the right knee. Right before, her left knee is barely bent and from that pose, her left knee bends, and a moment later, extends, and shortly after, bends. A moment earlier, the left hand moves farther from the left knee. After a while, it moves farther from her left knee. Shortly beforehand, her right knee is bent at 90 degrees and from that pose, the right knee extends. Right after, and is angled backwards. It is about-face turned counterclockwise, face to the right on the ground. Then, she shifts far to the back very fast. At the same time, she leans significantly into his left. At the same time, the left hand moves farther from the right knee briskly and soon after, spreads away from the right knee. Just moments before, her right knee is bent slightly, and from this stance, the right knee bends and a second later, it extends. A moment later, it bends and briskly. A moment later, the right knee extends. Not too long before, she shifts downwards very rapidly. Right after, the hands get closer to both knees extremely fast. After a while, they spread away from both knees quickly. A moment earlier, the left knee is in l-shape and is behind the right knee and from that pose, the left knee extends and speedily and not long after, it bends. Shortly after, the left knee extends. Shortly beforehand, she shifts downwards extremely fast and shortly after, she moves far to the left briskly, and a few seconds later, shifts a great distance to the front very rapidly. After a while, she leans into his right. Shortly beforehand, her left hand moves nearer to her left knee briskly. At the same time, it moves farther from her left knee speedily. A moment later, the left hand gets closer to her left knee. A second later, her left hand moves nearer to the right knee quickly. Not long after, it moves farther from her right knee, and a moment later, spreads away from the left knee. Just before, the left knee is partially bent, and with that pose, the left knee bends, and not long after, it extends. In the second right before, both hands move nearer to both knees briskly. Not long after, the right foot moves nearer to the left one. At the same time, both knees are barely bent. From this position, the right knee bends, and immediately after, extends and rapidly. Just before, her left foot moves farther from the right one. Shortly after, her left knee is a bit bent, and from that pose, her left knee bends.