Her left foot is wide apart from the right, and from that pose, the left foot moves nearer to the right one very rapidly and after a while, moves nearer to the right one very quickly. Just before, the left foot is wide apart from the other and from that pose, her left foot spreads away from the right one. In the meantime, she moves far to the right. Shortly after, she moves to the front quickly. Not too long before, her left knee is in l-shape and with that pose, her left knee extends completely and rapidly. In the meantime, the right hand spreads away from the left knee. After some time, it moves nearer to the right ankle very rapidly. Significantly earlier, she moves to the back rapidly. A second later, the knees are nearly bent. From that pose, the left knee bends, and shortly after, extends. Right after, she moves towards the back quickly, and right after, moves significantly towards the front extremely fast and a moment later, moves far over to the back speedily. After a while, she moves a great distance to the left briskly. A moment earlier, the knees are bent a bit. With that pose, her right knee bends and briskly. At the same time, both knees are bent a bit and from this position, the right knee extends and very fast, and right after, bends significantly and extremely fast. Right before, both feet are spread apart. From that pose, her left foot moves farther from the right one extremely fast. A moment later, the left foot spreads away from the right one quickly. Meanwhile, the right knee is bent, and from that pose, the right knee extends and very quickly. Simultaneously, her left foot gets closer to the right one very fast, and soon after, it moves nearer to the right one. Shortly beforehand, the right hand moves farther from the right ankle very rapidly. A moment later, both knees are nearly bent, and from that pose, the right knee bends and quickly and right after, extends completely. In the second right before, she moves towards the front rapidly. A moment later, both knees move together at a slow pace.