The right knee is forming an l shape. With that pose, her right knee extends and very quickly. Simultaneously, the right foot spreads away from the left one. In the meantime, she moves far over towards the front. Simultaneously, she moves far over to the left very rapidly. Immediately after, both feet are wide apart and from this stance, her left foot moves nearer to the right one quickly. A second later, her left knee is rather bent and in front of the right knee and then, her left knee extends and very quickly. Immediately after, it bends completely. A few seconds later, the left knee is completely bent. From this stance, her left knee extends significantly and briskly, and immediately after, bends. A moment later, the left foot moves farther from the right one. Right after, it gets closer to the right one speedily. In the second right before, she shifts far over to the right very quickly. Eventually, she shifts a great distance to the left very fast. Shortly beforehand, her right knee is bent and then, her right knee bends. Immediately after, the left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Meanwhile, her left foot spreads away from the right one rapidly. A moment later, it moves farther from the right one extremely fast and after a while, it comes significantly closer to the right one rapidly. Just before, her right knee is bent, ahead of the left knee. From this stance, her right knee extends, and after some time, extends and very rapidly. Shortly beforehand, the knees are partly bent and from that pose, the left knee bends completely and very rapidly, and immediately after, it extends completely. In the second right before, she shifts a great distance to the front, and eventually, she moves a great distance to the right very quickly. A moment earlier, the left knee is partially bent, and from that pose, her left knee bends and very fast and immediately after, it extends. At the same time, the left foot spreads away from the right one briskly. Right after, the knees are bent, and from this position, her right knee bends completely. Not long after, she leans slightly into his left.