Her right foot spreads away from the left one and a few seconds later, gets closer to the left one. Moments prior, her right hand moves nearer to her right ankle. In the meantime, her right knee is unbent, and from this position, her right knee bends completely and very rapidly. Right after, it extends significantly and very fast, and immediately after, the right knee bends. In the meantime, the right hand moves farther from the right ankle very quickly and shortly after, moves nearer to the right ankle speedily. In the meantime, her right knee is near the left knee. It is bent, and from this position, her right knee extends and rapidly and simultaneously, bends significantly and quickly, and immediately after, the right knee extends completely and extremely fast. Soon after, it bends completely and quickly, and a moment later, extends significantly and very fast. After some time, her right knee bends and speedily. Just before, the left foot spreads away from the right one speedily. Simultaneously, her right hand gets closer to her right foot. Simultaneously, it moves farther from the right ankle rapidly, and at the same time, moves farther from the right foot quickly. Immediately after, her feet are in the front and are spread apart and from that pose, her right foot draws significantly near to the left one. A moment later, it spreads significantly apart from the left one rapidly. Simultaneously, the right hand gets closer to her right foot rapidly. In the meantime, it moves farther from her right foot rapidly and a second later, moves farther from her right ankle rapidly. Right before, her right hand gets closer to her right ankle. A second later, both feet are spread apart. Then, the left foot gets closer to the right one rapidly. Shortly after, it moves farther from the right one very rapidly, and after some time, her left foot moves farther from the right one speedily. Just before, the right knee is bent at right angle and from this stance, her right knee extends and immediately after, bends completely and very quickly. In the meantime, she shifts to the left. Eventually, she moves to the back. Shortly beforehand, the right hand gets closer to her right ankle, and right after, it spreads away from her right ankle rapidly and shortly after, moves nearer to her right ankle. Soon after, her right hand spreads away from her right ankle briskly. A moment earlier, the right knee is bent, and then, the right knee bends and speedily. At the same time, it extends significantly and very fast. A second later, her right knee is bent. From this stance, her right knee extends. Not long after, it bends significantly and very rapidly. Not too long before, her feet are spread far apart, and from that pose, the right foot moves nearer to the left one and a moment later, it gets closer to the left one. A few seconds earlier, her right hand gets closer to the right foot. Right after, it spreads away from the right foot quickly. In the meantime, her right knee is located in front of her left knee, bent, and then, her right knee extends significantly and very rapidly.