She shifts a great distance to the right. Shortly after, she shifts a great distance towards the front and at the same time, she moves upwards speedily, and a few seconds later, she moves noticeably downwards. Shortly after, she moves considerably upwards speedily. Shortly beforehand, her left foot gets closer to the right one very fast, and shortly after, it moves nearer to the right one extremely fast. A moment earlier, her left hand moves nearer to the left ankle and immediately after, moves farther from her left ankle. Just before, the left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one very quickly. In the meantime, her left hand moves nearer to the left foot, and immediately after, moves farther from the left foot. In the meantime, her left knee is bent a bit, and from this stance, the left knee extends and quickly. A moment later, it bends significantly and quickly. In the meantime, the left hand moves nearer to the left leg speedily. Meanwhile, the left hand moves significantly away from the left knee leisurely and eventually, it spreads away from the left knee gently. Significantly earlier, her right hand moves nearer to the left ankle rapidly. In the meantime, the left hand moves nearer to the left foot very quickly. Immediately after, it moves farther from the left foot, and shortly after, it moves nearer to the left foot very rapidly. After some time, her left hand moves farther from her left foot. Just before, her left foot spreads away from the right one very fast. A moment later, it comes significantly closer to the right one very fast. A moment earlier, she moves significantly downwards. A few seconds later, she moves considerably upwards speedily. A few seconds earlier, the left knee is rather bent, and from this position, the left knee extends and speedily. In the meantime, the hands spread away from the left ankle. In the meantime, the right knee is rather bent. From this stance, the right knee bends and a moment later, extends. A second later, the left hand moves nearer to the left leg rapidly. Right after, it spreads away from her left ankle. Right before, her right foot is spread far apart from the left foot. It is in the back, and with that pose, the left foot moves significantly away from the right one very fast. A second later, her left knee is bent at 90 degrees and from this stance, her left knee extends. Simultaneously, her right hand gets closer to the left ankle extremely fast and a second later, moves farther from her left ankle, and immediately after, moves farther from the left foot rapidly. Just before, her right hand moves nearer to the left foot rapidly. In the meantime, she moves considerably downwards. Soon after, she shifts upwards speedily, and eventually, shifts downwards. Just before, her left knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle. Then, the left knee bends completely and very rapidly. After a while, it bends and very quickly. In the second right before, the right foot is extended back. It is wide apart from her left foot and with that pose, her left foot spreads significantly apart from the right one speedily. At the same time, it comes significantly closer to the right one very quickly. Meanwhile, her left hand gets closer to her left leg, and simultaneously, it moves nearer to the left foot very fast and right after, moves farther from her left ankle. A second later, her left hand spreads away from the left foot.