She shifts far towards the front quickly, and not long after, she shifts a great distance to the left. Simultaneously, her left knee is straight and from this position, her left knee bends and extremely fast and right after, it extends and rapidly. Shortly after, it bends and speedily and soon after, the left knee extends significantly and briskly. A moment earlier, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee speedily and simultaneously, moves farther from her left knee. A few seconds later, it spreads away from her left knee briskly and shortly after, her left hand spreads away from her left knee. Eventually, it moves nearer to the left knee briskly and after a while, moves farther from her left knee rapidly, and after some time, her left hand moves nearer to the left knee. A moment earlier, her right hand spreads away from the left knee gradually, and right after, gets closer to the right knee briskly. Just before, the hands spread away from the right knee, and after a while, get closer to her right knee. Shortly beforehand, the knees are unbent and with that pose, the right knee bends significantly and rapidly and a second later, it extends completely and speedily. Meanwhile, both hands get closer to the knees very rapidly, and a moment later, move farther from her knees quickly. A moment earlier, the right hand spreads away from her right knee speedily, and a few seconds later, gets closer to her right knee very rapidly. A few seconds later, it moves farther from the right knee briskly. Moments prior, both hands move nearer to the left knee and right after, move farther from the left knee very fast. Simultaneously, her right knee is bent a bit. With that pose, her right knee bends significantly and briskly and right after, it extends completely and rapidly and a moment later, it bends significantly and briskly. A moment later, her right knee extends significantly and very fast, and after some time, it bends completely and rapidly. A moment earlier, her right knee moves farther from the left one. A second later, the left knee is unbent. From this position, her left knee moves farther from the right one. Right after, it extends completely and speedily. Just before, her left knee is unbent and from this position, her left knee bends and briskly. Simultaneously, the right knee gets closer to the left one, and not long after, moves farther from the left one. In the second right before, her left knee is almost completely bent and is ahead of the right knee and with that pose, the left knee moves nearer to the right one. Shortly after, it bends significantly and very rapidly. Right before, her right hand spreads away from the right knee extremely fast, and simultaneously, it moves nearer to the left knee. Immediately after, her right hand spreads away from her right knee briskly. A few seconds later, it moves nearer to the right knee. Not too long before, the right knee gets closer to the left one, and a moment later, moves farther from the left one and after a while, gets closer to the left one. Just before, both hands get closer to the knees speedily. Right after, the left hand spreads away from her left knee quickly, and simultaneously, it gets closer to the left knee. At the same time, the left knee is bent and from this position, her left knee extends completely and speedily and after a while, bends significantly and speedily. After some time, the left knee extends significantly and rapidly. Shortly beforehand, she leans significantly into his left. A second later, her right knee is located in front of her left knee, bent and with that pose, her right knee extends significantly and speedily. A moment later, it bends completely and very quickly. Just moments before, the subject is inclined to the left. With that pose, she leans into his right, and shortly after, moves significantly to the right. In the second right before, her right hand spreads away from the left knee. Right after, it moves farther from her right knee rapidly, and a moment later, it moves nearer to the right knee speedily. Moments prior, the right knee is located behind the left knee. It is at right angle and from this stance, the right knee extends significantly and very rapidly. A few seconds later, it bends significantly and very fast. A few seconds later, her right knee extends completely and very rapidly and after a while, bends significantly and very fast. Shortly beforehand, both hands move farther from the knees very fast. Immediately after, both knees move away from each other. In the meantime, her hands move nearer to both knees rapidly. Not long after, her right knee gets closer to the left one. Simultaneously, her left hand spreads away from her left knee rapidly. Immediately after, it moves nearer to her left knee rapidly. In the meantime, the left knee is unbent and from this stance, the left knee bends completely and briskly, and a second later, it extends significantly and speedily. In the second right before, both hands spread away from both knees and shortly after, move farther from both knees quickly. In the second right before, the left hand gets closer to the left knee. A second later, both hands move nearer to her knees very fast.