He moves to the right and right after, he leans into his right. Shortly after, he moves far downwards. Meanwhile, both hands move nearer to both knees. Right after, his right hand moves farther from the right knee rapidly, and a moment later, it moves farther from his right ankle rapidly. Not long after, it spreads away from his right foot briskly. Just moments before, his left hand moves nearer to his right foot and meanwhile, moves nearer to the left ankle. Right after, it moves nearer to his left foot rapidly, and a few seconds later, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee very rapidly. Soon after, it gets closer to his right leg speedily. Just before, his left hand moves nearer to the right leg. Right after, both knees are unbent, and from this stance, the right knee bends significantly and extremely slowly. Right after, both hands move nearer to both feet very fast, and meanwhile, they spread away from both feet extremely fast and shortly after, they get closer to the feet very quickly. Moments prior, his hands move farther from his legs extremely fast, and in the meantime, move nearer to his legs extremely fast, and a second later, move farther from his legs speedily. A moment later, his hands move farther from both legs quickly. A few seconds earlier, the right hand gets closer to the right foot quickly and simultaneously, spreads away from his left foot very fast, and in the meantime, it moves nearer to his right ankle quickly. In the meantime, his right hand moves significantly away from his right foot and not long after, it spreads away from the left knee briskly. Just moments before, the left hand moves farther from his left ankle speedily and in the meantime, it spreads away from his left foot quickly. Shortly after, it moves nearer to his left ankle rapidly, and shortly after, his left hand moves nearer to the left foot very fast. A moment earlier, both hands get closer to his left ankle extremely fast. A second later, both hands move nearer to the left foot very quickly. Meanwhile, they move farther from both feet very quickly. In the meantime, his hands get closer to his legs rapidly and shortly after, get closer to the legs speedily, and a moment later, move farther from his left ankle briskly. In the second right before, his right hand spreads away from the right ankle briskly. Meanwhile, his right hand gets closer to the right foot briskly and simultaneously, moves nearer to his right ankle briskly. A second later, it moves farther from the right leg rapidly, and right after, the right hand spreads away from his left foot very quickly. In the meantime, both hands move farther from both feet briskly and meanwhile, move nearer to both feet very fast. Right after, they move farther from the legs briskly. A second later, both hands spread away from the feet very fast. Meanwhile, the right hand gets closer to his right knee briskly. Right after, both hands move nearer to his right ankle extremely fast and immediately after, they move farther from his legs. Just before, his right hand gets closer to his right foot very rapidly, and in the meantime, it gets closer to his left foot very rapidly. Not long after, it gets closer to his right leg. Moments prior, his right hand spreads away from the right ankle rapidly and simultaneously, it spreads away from the right foot extremely fast. In the meantime, it moves nearer to the left leg speedily. Meanwhile, the left knee is straight, and from this position, the left knee bends significantly. Right after, he moves far over to the left. After some time, he moves to the right. Much earlier, his left hand gets closer to the right knee speedily. At the same time, it moves nearer to the left leg very quickly. Simultaneously, he moves towards the front. Simultaneously, both hands move farther from his feet very quickly and meanwhile, move nearer to both feet extremely fast. Immediately after, his left hand spreads away from his right knee gradually. A moment later, it moves farther from his left knee. A few seconds earlier, the right hand gets closer to the right foot and not long after, spreads away from the right leg. Eventually, it gets closer to his right leg. Simultaneously, the left hand gets closer to the left knee.