Her right knee is straight. From this position, the right knee bends completely and a few seconds later, bends and extremely fast. Just moments before, she leans into his right. At the same time, she moves far towards the front rapidly and not long after, shifts towards the back speedily. Right before, the left foot spreads away from the right one extremely fast, and right after, it gets closer to the right one extremely fast. Immediately after, her right knee extends completely and a moment later, it bends completely and briskly, and a moment later, extends and extremely fast. Soon after, it bends and very quickly and a moment later, her right knee extends. A few seconds earlier, the left hand spreads away from the left knee. At the same time, she shifts far to the right. Meanwhile, she moves towards the front quickly, and a few seconds later, she moves far over towards the back. Just moments before, her left foot moves farther from the right one very quickly. Simultaneously, the right hand gets closer to her right ankle. At the same time, it spreads away from her right ankle. Immediately after, both feet are spread apart and in front and from this stance, the right foot comes significantly closer to the left one. Meanwhile, the left hand gets closer to the left knee gently, and a moment later, moves farther from the left knee slowly. Just moments before, her feet are close and with that pose, her feet spread apart significantly from each other extremely slowly. After a while, her right knee and her left knee are bent a bit and with that pose, the left knee bends and very rapidly and a second later, bends and rapidly. In the meantime, her feet are spread far apart and from this stance, the left foot gets closer to the right one very quickly. A moment later, it moves farther from the right one very fast, and shortly after, her left foot comes significantly closer to the right one. Not too long before, the left knee is rather bent and from this position, her left knee extends. Shortly after, it bends completely and extremely fast. In the meantime, the left hand moves nearer to her left knee very rapidly. Immediately after, it spreads away from her left knee briskly. In the second right before, her left knee is bent, and from this stance, the left knee extends completely and extremely fast and a second later, it bends significantly and very fast. Simultaneously, she moves a great distance to the left. Right after, the left knee is bent and from this position, the left knee extends completely. A second later, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee.