Her left knee is unbent, and from this position, her left knee bends. A second later, the left knee is barely bent. Then, the left knee extends and quickly and not long after, bends. Shortly after, it extends and quickly. Just moments before, her right knee is straight. From this position, her right knee bends and immediately after, extends. After a while, it bends and briskly. Not too long before, the left knee is straight and then, her left knee bends significantly. A moment later, the left knee is in the back of the right knee. It is barely bent, the right knee is in l-shape and from this position, both knees extend and quickly. Right after, the right knee is behind her left knee. It is straight, and with that pose, her right knee bends and speedily. A second later, her left knee is bent a bit. From that pose, her left knee bends and briskly, and a second later, it extends significantly. In the second right before, her left hand moves farther from her left ankle. Simultaneously, it moves nearer to the left ankle speedily, and shortly after, it gets closer to the left ankle very quickly. Eventually, her left hand spreads away from the left ankle extremely fast. A moment earlier, her right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle and from this position, the right knee extends and immediately after, bends completely and speedily. Shortly after, the right knee extends significantly and shortly after, bends significantly and speedily. Simultaneously, her left knee is slightly bent and from this position, the left knee bends significantly. Shortly after, it extends and very rapidly. Not too long before, the right knee is rather bent and from that pose, her right knee extends significantly and briskly and right after, bends completely and very rapidly. At the same time, the left knee is rather bent with the right knee behind her left knee. It is straight. From this position, both knees extend completely and very quickly and immediately after, bend and very quickly. Right before, the right hand moves nearer to her right foot very fast, and at the same time, it moves farther from her right foot very rapidly. A second later, her left hand gets closer to her left ankle extremely fast. At the same time, it spreads away from the left ankle. A second later, her right knee is completely bent and from that pose, her right knee extends completely and quickly. Simultaneously, her left knee is behind her right knee and is nearly bent. From that pose, the left knee bends significantly and very fast, and immediately after, it extends significantly and extremely fast. Just before, the left hand gets closer to the left ankle very quickly and a second later, moves farther from her left ankle. A few seconds later, she moves to the back.