She moves far towards the front and in the meantime, shifts to the right and a moment later, shifts a great distance to the left very quickly. Right before, both knees are barely bent. From this stance, the left knee bends, and a moment later, extends. A moment earlier, her feet move apart from each other. Not long after, the right foot is spread far apart from the left, and from this stance, her left foot moves farther from the right one quickly. In the meantime, it moves nearer to the right one quickly and a second later, the left foot gets closer to the right one extremely fast. Not long after, it spreads away from the right one speedily. Just before, she shifts far over to the right very fast, and right after, moves to the back. A moment later, she shifts downwards very fast. Just before, both feet are spread apart, and from that pose, her left foot gets closer to the right one briskly and a second later, it spreads away from the right one extremely fast. A few seconds later, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily and a few seconds later, it spreads away from the right one speedily. Just before, she shifts far over to the left very rapidly and a few seconds later, moves a great distance to the right very rapidly. Eventually, she moves far over to the left very quickly and eventually, she shifts to the front. Shortly beforehand, the right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle and from that pose, her right knee extends and extremely slowly. In the meantime, the left knee is bent, and then, the left knee bends and a moment later, extends. A few seconds earlier, the left hand gets closer to her left ankle. At the same time, her left foot gets closer to the right one very rapidly. A second later, the left hand moves nearer to the left foot, and right after, it moves farther from her left ankle. In the meantime, the left hand spreads away from the left foot. Right after, the left foot moves farther from the right one rapidly. Right after, it gets closer to the right one very rapidly. Meanwhile, her left foot spreads away from the right one briskly. A moment later, the right foot is spread far apart from her left foot and from this stance, her left foot gets closer to the right one quickly. At the same time, it spreads away from the right one briskly. Right after, the left foot gets closer to the right one very fast, and a few seconds later, it spreads away from the right one very rapidly. Soon after, it moves nearer to the right one very rapidly. Moments prior, she moves downwards very rapidly. A second later, she shifts far over to the right extremely fast and soon after, shifts far to the left very fast.