His right knee is rather bent and is joined with the left knee. From this stance, his right knee extends completely and rapidly and a second later, it bends significantly and extremely fast, and a few seconds later, the right knee bends significantly and very quickly. Soon after, it extends and briskly. After a while, it extends. Significantly earlier, the left hand moves nearer to the right ankle, and right after, spreads away from the right ankle rapidly. Right before, he shifts far over towards the front and simultaneously, moves upwards and not long after, shifts to the right. Just moments before, his left hand gets closer to his right foot rapidly. A second later, it moves farther from the right foot very rapidly. In the second right before, the right knee is rather bent and is joined with the left knee. From this position, the right knee spreads away from the left one and a second later, it gets closer to the left one. At the same time, the left knee is in l-shape while the right knee is unbent. Then, his knees extend, and a few seconds later, they spread apart from each other, and soon after, the knees move together gradually. After a while, they move apart from each other. A moment earlier, his right knee and his left knee are bent slightly. With that pose, the left knee bends completely. Soon after, it extends and extremely fast. Just before, and stretched out to the left and bent on the left. From that pose, he shifts noticeably downwards rapidly, and shortly after, shifts far to the left, and soon after, he moves considerably upwards speedily. A moment later, he leans into his right. Eventually, he moves downwards very fast. Just before, both hands get closer to both knees. A moment later, they get closer to both ankles very quickly. Moments prior, his left hand draws significantly near to his left ankle. Right after, the left hand moves nearer to the left foot very fast and simultaneously, it spreads away from the left foot, and immediately after, it draws significantly near to the left foot quickly. Just before, the right hand spreads away from his right knee and right after, comes significantly closer to his right knee very fast. Simultaneously, the left hand moves significantly away from the left ankle and a second later, spreads significantly apart from his left knee, and a moment later, gets closer to the right ankle very rapidly. Not too long before, his right hand spreads away from the right leg very fast. In the meantime, the hands move nearer to both feet very quickly. A few seconds later, they get closer to both feet quickly. A moment later, they move nearer to his knees very quickly. Moments prior, his right hand spreads away from his right foot very quickly. Meanwhile, it moves farther from his left knee. Meanwhile, his left hand gets closer to the left knee rapidly. Simultaneously, it spreads significantly apart from the left foot. A second later, his right hand moves farther from the left ankle rapidly and in the meantime, moves nearer to the left knee, and right after, moves nearer to the right leg very quickly. Right before, the right hand spreads away from the left foot rapidly. Immediately after, the right hand moves nearer to the right foot very fast. Immediately after, the right hand spreads significantly apart from the right knee extremely fast. Meanwhile, the right hand spreads away from his left knee quickly. Simultaneously, the left hand moves nearer to his left leg speedily. Simultaneously, he shifts a great distance towards the back rapidly and in the meantime, he leans significantly into his left. At the same time, both hands move farther from the right ankle extremely fast. Simultaneously, the hands move farther from both feet extremely fast. A few seconds later, they move farther from both feet. Just moments before, the right knee is barely bent. From this stance, the right knee bends significantly. A moment later, it bends and very quickly, and soon after, it extends and speedily. Eventually, the right knee extends significantly. Significantly earlier, his left knee is rather bent and with that pose, his left knee bends. A few seconds later, it bends and extremely fast. Just moments before, the left hand gets closer to his left foot very quickly, and a second later, spreads away from the left leg. Meanwhile, both hands spread away from both knees extremely fast. A few seconds later, they spread away from the ankles. A few seconds earlier, his left hand spreads away from the left foot. A second later, the right hand gets closer to his right leg very rapidly and meanwhile, it gets closer to the right foot very rapidly. A second later, it gets closer to the left ankle. Right before, his right knee is bent at near a 90 degree angle. His left knee is fully bent. From this position, both knees extend and very fast. Shortly after, they bend completely and extremely fast. Just moments before, his left hand gets closer to his left foot very rapidly and simultaneously, gets closer to his left ankle rapidly. Simultaneously, the left hand draws significantly near to his left knee speedily, and a second later, spreads significantly apart from the left knee. In the meantime, his right hand moves farther from the left ankle. A moment later, it gets closer to the left ankle speedily. Not long after, it moves farther from the right knee extremely fast. Not too long before, his left knee is bent sharply. From this position, his left knee extends completely and very rapidly, and after some time, it extends and briskly. A moment earlier, someone is lying flat facing left. It is about-face turned counterclockwise, angled towards their left side and with that pose, he moves towards the back rapidly. Right after, he leans markedly into his right, and a few seconds later, he shifts upwards very quickly. In the second right before, the left hand gets closer to the left ankle very fast. In the meantime, his left hand moves nearer to the left foot, and a second later, it gets closer to his left knee rapidly. In the second right before, the right hand moves farther from his left ankle, and at the same time, it draws significantly near to the right ankle extremely slowly. A moment later, it moves nearer to his right knee rapidly. Meanwhile, he moves downwards very quickly. Simultaneously, the left hand spreads away from his left foot rapidly, and simultaneously, it spreads away from the left leg gently. Meanwhile, the right hand gets closer to the left ankle, and a second later, spreads away from the left ankle briskly and a moment later, moves farther from the right leg very fast. Eventually, the right hand gets closer to the right knee. Just before, he shifts far over to the right speedily. Immediately after, he moves far to the front. Just before, the right knee is nearly bent and then, his right knee bends and briskly, and a second later, extends significantly and a moment later, it bends significantly. Just moments before, his left knee is bent at 90 degrees and from this stance, the left knee spreads away from the right one. In the meantime, it moves nearer to the right one quickly and immediately after, the left knee bends. In the meantime, he moves downwards rapidly and right after, he shifts upwards very quickly. A moment later, he moves upwards quickly. Just moments before, the left hand moves nearer to the left leg slowly. Immediately after, his left hand moves farther from his left ankle briskly. Meanwhile, his left knee is fully bent, and from this position, the left knee extends completely and rapidly. In the meantime, his right knee moves nearer to the left one and a second later, it moves farther from the left one. At the same time, the right hand moves farther from his right knee. In the meantime, his right knee is forming an l shape and the left knee is rather bent and from this position, the knees extend. Right after, the left hand moves farther from the left knee.