He moves far over to the front. A moment later, his right knee is a bit bent and his left knee is straight. From this position, both knees bend significantly. Right after, he moves significantly downwards very rapidly and in the meantime, leans into his left just a little, and a moment later, he shifts downwards extremely fast. A moment later, he moves significantly to the right, and eventually, moves a great distance to the back. Just before, his left hand spreads away from his left knee slowly, and after a while, it gets closer to his left knee extremely slowly. Much earlier, the knees are almost completely bent, and then, the left knee extends significantly and quickly. A second later, his right hand spreads away from the right knee. Meanwhile, the left foot spreads away from the right one rapidly, and immediately after, it moves nearer to the right one quickly. At the same time, his right knee is fully bent. Then, his right knee extends completely and briskly, and a second later, bends significantly. Right before, his left knee is straight, and with that pose, his left knee bends completely and briskly, and not long after, extends completely and extremely fast. In the second right before, his right foot gets closer to the left one and shortly after, it moves nearer to the left one. Not too long before, the left foot spreads away from the right one quickly, and a second later, it moves farther from the right one extremely fast. Immediately after, his left foot is ahead of the right foot, wide apart from his right foot. It is further up than the left hip. Then, the left foot spreads away from the right one speedily, and meanwhile, it moves nearer to the right one very fast and shortly after, the left foot moves farther from the right one very quickly. Shortly after, it moves nearer to the right one briskly. Not long after, it spreads away from the right one very rapidly. Shortly after, the left foot gets closer to the right one very rapidly, and shortly after, it moves farther from the right one rapidly. After some time, it moves nearer to the right one briskly, and after a while, his left foot spreads away from the right one very quickly. After a while, it moves nearer to the right one rapidly. Much earlier, his right hand gets closer to his right knee. Immediately after, it moves farther from his right knee and a moment later, it moves nearer to the right knee and shortly after, his right hand moves farther from his right knee. Soon after, it comes significantly closer to the right knee. A moment earlier, the left knee is unbent, and from this stance, the left knee bends completely and extremely fast. At the same time, his right knee is completely bent. Then, his right knee extends significantly and very fast, and immediately after, bends significantly and briskly. Immediately after, his knees are bent, and from that pose, his left knee bends significantly and briskly and simultaneously, it extends completely and very quickly. A few seconds later, it extends significantly and quickly. Just before, his right knee is bent sharply, and with that pose, the right knee extends significantly and very rapidly. Immediately after, his right knee is unbent and then, his right knee bends completely and speedily. A second later, his left knee is in l-shape. From this stance, the left knee bends completely and quickly, and a moment later, it extends completely. A few seconds earlier, the right knee is completely bent. From that pose, his right knee extends significantly and extremely fast. Immediately after, his right hand moves farther from his right knee. Simultaneously, he moves considerably to the left. Meanwhile, the right knee is a bit bent. From that pose, his right knee extends significantly. In the meantime, the right knee is bent a bit. With that pose, the right knee bends significantly and speedily. Meanwhile, he moves far upwards.