He leans into his right very quickly. In the meantime, he shifts far to the left quickly. Immediately after, his right knee is partly bent. From that pose, his right knee bends completely, and not long after, extends significantly and very rapidly. A few seconds earlier, his left hand gets closer to his left knee, and not long after, moves farther from his left knee. Simultaneously, he moves significantly towards the back briskly, and in the meantime, shifts to the right briskly and a moment later, he moves far over towards the front quickly. Shortly after, he shifts noticeably to the right quickly. A few seconds earlier, the left foot moves nearer to the right one rapidly. A second later, it moves nearer to the right one very rapidly. Right before, his left foot moves farther from the right one very rapidly. A second later, his left hand moves nearer to his left knee, and soon after, spreads away from his left knee. After some time, it moves nearer to the left leg extremely fast. Much earlier, his right knee is unbent. From this position, the right knee bends completely and briskly. A second later, his right knee is rather bent and with that pose, the right knee extends completely and speedily and right after, it bends significantly and rapidly. Not long after, the right knee extends completely. Just moments before, the left foot moves farther from the right one briskly. Soon after, he moves to the left rapidly. A second later, he moves far to the back. At the same time, he shifts far to the right speedily. Immediately after, the left hand spreads away from the left ankle very fast. Meanwhile, both knees are bent a bit. From that pose, the left knee bends and rapidly, and meanwhile, it extends and extremely fast, and right after, it bends significantly. In the meantime, the left hand moves nearer to the left ankle speedily, and meanwhile, gets closer to the left foot rapidly and a second later, it spreads away from the left leg quickly. Shortly after, the left hand moves nearer to the left knee rapidly. A few seconds earlier, he shifts downwards, and meanwhile, shifts considerably to the left and a moment later, shifts far over to the left rapidly. Eventually, he moves far to the right rapidly. Significantly earlier, his left hand moves farther from his left foot rapidly. A second later, the left knee is bent and from this position, his left knee extends and rapidly. In the meantime, his left foot is spread far apart from his right foot, backwards. Then, his left foot moves nearer to the right one very quickly, and simultaneously, moves farther from the right one speedily. Shortly after, the left hand moves farther from his left knee. Meanwhile, both knees are partly bent and from that pose, the left knee extends. Soon after, it bends. Shortly beforehand, the left hand draws significantly near to his left knee slowly. Meanwhile, his right knee bends. A few seconds later, someone is arched back, stretched out to the right. It is bent on the left, fully rotated counterclockwise, and from that pose, he shifts far towards the front rapidly. Meanwhile, he leans slightly into his left. Shortly after, he shifts to the right very rapidly. Not too long before, his left hand spreads significantly apart from the left knee. Not long after, the feet are wide apart and then, the left foot moves nearer to the right one speedily.